Character	Pinyin	Tone	Meaning	Story
一	yī	1	one	A single happy line sings "Yeeee!" at number one!
二	èr	4	two	Two angry lines yell "ERR!" when you make a mistake!
三	sān	1	three	Three cheerful lines sing "Saaaan-shine" together!
四	sì	4	four	Inside the box, your four items command "See this!" sharply!
五	wǔ	3	five	Five fingers bend down drooping as you say "Woo" sadly!
六	liù	4	six	A lid over eight yells "Leo!" for six sharp reasons!
七	qī	1	seven	Seven slashes happily high in the sky, singing "Chee!"
八	bā	1	eight	Eight paths split cheerfully as you sing "Baaaa!"
九	jiǔ	3	nine	Nine hooks bend and dip down, curving like "Jiu" bends!
十	shí	2	ten	A cross at ten keeps asking "Shi? Why ten?" curiously!
口	kǒu	3	Mouth	Your mouth bends down drooping when you say "Ko" with a frown!
日	rì	4	Day	The sun yells "REE!" sharply to wake you each day!
月	yuè	4	Month	The moon commands "Yue!" sharply each month it appears!
田	tián	2	Rice Field	In the rice field, farmers ask "Tian? Why so muddy?" curiously!
目	mù	4	Eye	Your eye angrily yells "MOO!" when dust gets in it!
古	gǔ	3	ancient	Ancient stone tablets bend and droop, curved with age like "Gu"!
胡	hú	2	recklessly	A reckless fool with wild whiskers asks "Who? Hu?" questioning everything!
吾	wú	2	I (literary)	"I," says the mouth, questioning "Wu? Am I important?" with a sigh!
朋	péng	2	Companion	Two moons ask "Peng? Why are we companions?" questioning their friendship!
明	míng	2	bright	The sun and moon together question "Ming? Why so bright?" curiously!
唱	chàng	4	to sing	With your mouth, you command the sun to sing "Chang!" sharply!
晶	jīng	1	sparkling	Three suns sparkle cheerfully, singing "Jing!" high and happy!
品	pǐn	3	Goods	Three mouths bend down, drooping as they inspect goods saying "Pin"!
昌	chāng	1	prosperous	Two suns rise high, singing "Chang!" to celebrate prosperity!
早	zǎo	3	early	Early morning sun bends down drooping low, still saying "Zao"!
旭	xù	4	Rising Sun	The rising sun commands sharply "Shu!" to wake everyone!
世	shì	4	Generation	Three tens stack up, yelling "Shi!" for each generation sharply!
胃	wèi	4	Stomach	Your stomach with a field inside yells "Way!" angrily when hungry!
旦	dàn	4	Daybreak	At daybreak, the sun commands "Dan!" sharply above the horizon!
凹	āo	1	concave	A concave pit sings "Aaooo!" happily echoing high inside!
凸	tū	1	convex	Convex bumps rise high, cheerfully singing "Too!" as they stick out!
自	zì	4	oneself	A nose points to oneself, yelling "Zi!" sharply with pride!
白	bái	2	white	The white sun asks "Bai? Why so bright?" questioning curiously!
百	bǎi	3	hundred	A hundred bends down drooping under one white sun saying "Bai"!
皂	zào	4	Soap	Soap commands "Zao!" sharply to clean everything white!
中	zhōng	1	Middle	An arrow happily sings "Zhong!" straight through the middle target!
千	qiān	1	thousand	A thousand people sing "Chian!" cheerfully marching together!
舌	shé	2	Tongue	Your tongue in your mouth asks "She? Why taste this?" questioning!
升	shēng	1	Liter	A liter rises up cheerfully singing "Sheng!" to the top!
昇	shēng	1	to rise up	The sun rises high, happily singing "Sheng!" at dawn!
丸	wán	2	Pill	A round pill asks "Wan? Why swallow me?" questioning curiously!
卜	bǔ	3	Divination	The divination stick bends down drooping as it says "Bu"!
占	zhàn	4	to tell fortunes	Your mouth commands the divination sharply "Zhan! Tell my fortune!"
上	shàng	4	above	Above the line, an arrow yells "Shang!" pointing up sharply!
下	xià	4	below	Below the line, an arrow commands "Xia!" pointing down sharply!
卡	kǎ	3	Card	A card bends and dips between above and below saying "Ka"!
卓	zhuó	2	eminent	An eminent person stands above, questioning "Zhuo? Am I tall enough?" curiously!
朝	cháo	2	Dynasty	The dynasty sun and moon question "Chao? Why our reign?" curiously!
嘲	cháo	2	to ridicule	The mouth ridicules, questioning "Chao? You call that a dynasty?" mockingly!
只	zhǐ	3	only	Only one mouth bends down drooping saying "Zhi" alone!
貝	bèi	4	Shellfish	The shellfish commands sharply "Bay!" inside its shell!
貼	tiē	1	to paste	Paste shellfish happily singing "Tieh!" as they stick!
貞	zhēn	1	chaste	A chaste shellfish sings "Zhen!" cheerfully and purely!
員	yuán	2	Employee	Your employee shellfish asks "Yuan? Where's my paycheck?" questioning!
見	jiàn	4	to see	Eyes on legs command "Jian! See this!" sharply!
元	yuán	2	Beginning	At the beginning, two legs question "Yuan? Why start here?" curiously!
頁	yè	4	Page	The page head yells "Yeh!" sharply when turned!
頑	wán	2	stubborn	A stubborn head questions "Wan? Why should I?" refusing to budge!
凡	fán	2	ordinary	An ordinary table sighs "Fan? Why so plain?" questioning its fate!
肌	jī	1	Muscle	Muscles sing "Jee!" cheerfully when flexing happily!
負	fù	4	defeated	Defeated with a shell burden, you yell "Fu!" angrily!
勻	yún	2	uniform	Uniform division asks "Yun? Why equal?" questioning the balance!
句	jù	4	Sentence	A sentence in your mouth commands "Ju!" sharply at the end!
旬	xún	2	Decameron	Ten days question "Shun? Already a decameron?" asking where time went!
勺	sháo	2	Ladle	The ladle asks "Shao? Why scoop this?" questioning curiously!
的	de	5	Bull's Eye	The white ladle hits the bull's eye, saying "duh" neutrally!
首	shǒu	3	Heads	The head bends down drooping on the neck saying "Sho"!
直	zhí	2	straight	A straight eye questions "Zhi? Why so direct?" curiously!
置	zhì	4	to set up	Set up the net straight, commanding "Zhi!" sharply in place!
具	jù	4	Tool	The tool with eyes commands "Ju!" sharply to be used!
真	zhēn	1	true	Ten eyes sing "Zhen!" happily seeing the truth!
工	gōng	1	the Work	The work sings "Gong!" cheerfully as beams hold high!
左	zuǒ	3	Left	Left hand with work bends down drooping saying "Zuo"!
右	yòu	4	Right	Right hand with mouth yells "Yo!" sharply pointing right!
有	yǒu	3	to possess	To possess the moon with your right hand, it bends drooping saying "Yo"!
賄	huì	4	bribe	A bribe of shellfish yells "Hway!" sharply with each corrupt hand!
貢	gòng	4	Tribute	Tribute of work and shellfish commands "Gong!" sharply to the emperor!
項	xiàng	4	Item	The item page of your head yells "Shyang!" sharply!
刀	dāo	1	Sword	The sword sings "Dao!" cheerfully and high when drawn!
刃	rèn	4	Blade	A dot on the blade yells "Ren!" sharply at the edge!
切	qiè	4	to cut	Cut with one sword, commanding "Chieh!" sharply!
召	zhào	4	to summon	Summon with your mouth and sword, yelling "Zhao!" sharply!
昭	zhāo	1	evident	The evident sun sings "Zhao!" cheerfully making everything clear!
則	zé	2	Rule	The rule with shellfish and sword questions "Zeh? Why obey?" curiously!
副	fù	4	vice-	The vice stands beside with a sword, commanding "Fu!" sharply!
丁	dīng	1	fourth	The fourth nail sings "Ding!" cheerfully and high when hammered!
叮	dīng	1	to sting	A mouth sting like a nail sings "Ding!" happily biting!
可	kě	3	can	You can use your mouth bent down drooping saying "Kuh"!
哥	gē	1	Older Brother	Older brother with two mouths sings "Guh!" cheerfully and high!
頂	dǐng	3	crest	The crest of the head bends down drooping at the top saying "Ding"!
乙	yǐ	3	second	Second place bends down drooping like a hook saying "Yee"!
子	zǐ	3	child	The child bends down drooping saying "Zi" with bent posture!
孔	kǒng	3	cavity	A cavity child bends down drooping in the hole saying "Kong"!
吼	hǒu	3	to roar	To roar from your mouth bends down drooping saying "Ho!"
了	le	5	-ed	Completed action of child says "luh" neutrally when done!
女	nǚ	3	Woman	A woman bends down drooping gracefully saying "Nyu"!
好	hǎo	3	good	A woman and child bend down drooping together, good and saying "Hao"!
如	rú	2	to be like	A woman's mouth asks "Ru? Are we alike?" questioning similarity!
母	mǔ	3	Mother	Mother bends down drooping with two dots for breasts saying "Mu"!
貫	guàn	4	to pierce	Pierce through the shell sharply commanding "Guan!" with mother above!
兄	xiōng	1	Elder Brother	Elder brother stands tall, cheerfully singing "Shyong!" high and proud!
克	kè	4	to overcome	To overcome with ten mouths yelling "Kuh!" sharply!
小	xiǎo	3	small	Small person bends down drooping low saying "Shyao"!
少	shǎo	3	few	Few strokes bend down drooping small saying "Shao"!
吵	chǎo	3	noisy	A noisy mouth bends down drooping, shouting "Chao" with few words!
大	dà	4	large	Large person spreads arms, yelling "Da!" sharply and wide!
尖	jiān	1	tip	The tip where small meets large sings "Jian!" cheerfully and sharp!
夕	xī	1	Evening	Evening moon sings "Shee!" happily and high in the sky!
多	duō	2	many	Many evenings ask "Duo? Why so many nights?" questioning curiously!
夠	gòu	4	enough	Evening sentence commands "Go!" sharply when it's enough!
外	wài	4	outside	Outside the evening divination yells "Why!" sharply beyond!
名	míng	2	a Name	A name in the evening mouth questions "Ming? Who am I?" curiously!
厚	hòu	4	thick	Thick cliff of day and child commands "Ho!" sharply and solid!
石	shí	2	stone	A stone at the cliff asks "Shi? How hard?" questioning curiously!
砂	shā	1	Gravel	Gravel stones sing "Sha!" cheerfully scattered few and small!
妙	miào	4	wonderful	A wonderful woman commands "Miao!" sharply with small joy!
肖	xiào	4	to resemble	To resemble small flesh yells "Shyao!" sharply alike!
削	xiāo	1	to peel	To peel with knife singing "Shyao!" happily removing small bits!
光	guāng	1	ray	A ray of fire on legs sings "Gwang!" cheerfully bright!
太	tài	4	overly	Overly large with a dot yells "Tai!" sharply too much!
省	shěng	3	to economize	To economize, the eye bends down drooping, saying "Sheng" to save!
奇	qí	2	strange	A strange large person questions "Chi? Why so odd?" curiously!
川	chuān	1	Stream	A stream flows cheerfully singing "Chuan!" in three happy channels!
州	zhōu	1	a state	A state with stream and dots sings "Joe!" cheerfully united!
順	shùn	4	to obey	To obey, the stream flows by the page, commanding "Shun!" sharply!
水	shuǐ	3	Water	Water bends down drooping in streams saying "Shway"!
永	yǒng	3	Eternity	Eternity of water bends down drooping forever saying "Yong"!
求	qiú	2	to request	To request with water drop asks "Chyo? May I have some?" questioning!
泉	quán	2	a Spring	A spring of white water questions "Chuan? Where does it come from?" curiously!
原	yuán	2	flatlands	Flatlands with cliff spring and white question "Yuan? Why so flat?" curiously!
願	yuàn	4	a wish	A wish from flatlands page commands "Yuan! Grant it!" sharply!
沖	chōng	1	to wash away	To wash away, water sings "Chong!" cheerfully rinsing middle!
泳	yǒng	3	to swim	To swim in eternal water bends down drooping saying "Yong"!
洲	zhōu	1	Continent	A continent with water and state sings "Joe!" cheerfully and large!
沼	zhǎo	3	Marsh	A marsh where water bends down drooping in summoned pools saying "Zhao"!
沙	shā	1	Sand	Sand in water sings "Sha!" cheerfully and few like gravel!
江	jiāng	1	Yangtze	The Yangtze water flows cheerfully singing "Jiang!" through the work!
汁	zhī	1	Juice	Juice from water ten sings "Zhi!" happily extracted!
潮	cháo	2	Tide	The tide of dynasty water questions "Chao? Why rise and fall?" curiously!
源	yuán	2	source	The source of water flatlands questions "Yuan? Where does it begin?" curiously!
活	huó	2	lively	Lively water tongue asks "Huo? Why so active?" questioning vibrantly!
消	xiāo	1	to extinguish	To extinguish water moon sings "Shyao!" cheerfully fading away!
況	kuàng	4	Situation	The situation of water mouth yells "Kwang!" sharply describing!
河	hé	2	river	The river water questions "Huh? Why flow here?" curiously with mouth!
湖	hú	2	lake	A lake of water questions "Who? Hu?" curiously like reckless whiskers!
測	cè	4	to fathom	To fathom water rules, commanding "Tsuh!" sharply measuring!
土	tǔ	3	Soil	Soil bends down drooping in the ground saying "Too"!
均	jūn	1	to equal	To equal, soil sings "June!" cheerfully divided evenly!
肚	dù	5	belly	A belly of flesh and soil says "doo" neutrally round!
填	tián	2	to fill in	To fill in real fields of soil questions "Tian? Why complete?" curiously!
吐	tǔ	3	to spit	To spit from mouth and soil bends down drooping saying "Too"!
哇	wā	1	Waaah!	"Waaah!" cries the mouth happily singing "Wa!" high and loud!
寸	cùn	4	Chinese Inch	A Chinese inch hand measures, commanding "Tsun!" sharply and small!
封	fēng	1	to seal	To seal with earth and inch sings "Fung!" cheerfully shut!
寺	sì	4	Buddhist Temple	Buddhist temple with earth and inch commands "Sih!" sharply in prayer!
時	shí	2	Time	Time at temple with sun questions "Shi? What hour?" curiously!
火	huǒ	3	Fire	Fire bends down drooping and flickering saying "Huo"!
灰	huī	1	ashes	Ashes under fire sing "Hway!" cheerfully scattered!
煩	fán	2	vexed	Vexed with page fire questions "Fan? Why so troubled?" sighing!
炎	yán	2	Inflammation	Inflammation of two fires questions "Yan? Why so hot?" burning curiously!
淡	dàn	4	thin (watery/bland)	Thin water flames yell "Dan!" sharply weakened!
災	zāi	1	Disaster	Disaster with river under fire sings "Zai!" sadly but high!
照	zhào	4	to illuminate	To illuminate, summon fire commands "Zhao!" sharply shining!
魚	yú	2	a Fish	A fish with fire tail questions "Yu? Why swim?" curiously!
漁	yú	2	Fishing	Fishing for water fish questions "Yu? Where are they?" asking curiously!
堯	yáo	2	Yáo	Emperor Yao on high earth questions "Yao? How lofty?" curiously!
燒	shāo	1	Fever	Fever fire burns Yao high, singing "Shao!" cheerfully hot!
曉	xiǎo	3	Dawn	Dawn sun bends down drooping like Yao saying "Shyao"!
里	lǐ	3	a Li	A li of field and soil bends down drooping saying "Lee"!
量	liàng	4	quantity	Quantity of sun under li yells "Lyang!" sharply measuring!
埋	mái	2	to bury	To bury soil in li questions "Mai? Why underground?" curiously!
黑	hēi	1	black	Black fire and soil sing "Hay!" darkly but high!
點	diǎn	3	Spot	A spot of black divination bends down drooping saying "Dian"!
墨	mò	4	Black Ink	Black ink soil commands "Mwoh!" sharply and dark!
冒	mào	4	to risk	To risk with sun eye covered yells "Mao!" sharply daring!
同	tóng	2	same	The same mouth inside questions "Tong? Are we alike?" curiously!
洞	dòng	4	cave	A cave of water same commands "Dong!" sharply echoing!
向	xiàng	4	orientation	Orientation of mouth in house yells "Shyang!" sharply pointing!
尚	shàng	4	to esteem	To esteem small mouth house commands "Shang!" sharply valuing!
字	zì	4	character	A character child in house yells "Zi!" sharply written!
守	shǒu	3	to guard	To guard house with inch bends down drooping saying "Sho"!
完	wán	2	to finish	To finish beginning in house questions "Wan? Is it done?" curiously!
實	shí	2	reality	Reality pierces through house roof, questioning "Shi? Is it real?" curiously!
宣	xuān	1	to proclaim	To proclaim in house sings "Shuan!" cheerfully announcing!
宵	xiāo	1	Nighttime	Nighttime house evening sings "Shyao!" happily dark!
安	ān	1	peaceful	A peaceful woman in house sings "An!" cheerfully and calm!
宴	yàn	4	Banquet	A banquet house with sun women yells "Yan!" sharply feasting!
寄	jì	4	to mail	To mail peculiar things from house commands "Ji!" sharply sending!
富	fù	4	wealthy	A wealthy house with field above commands "Fu!" sharply abundant!
貯	zhù	4	to store up	To store up master shellfish in house yells "Zhu!" sharply saving!
木	mù	4	Tree	A tree stands tall, commanding "Moo!" sharply with branches!
林	lín	2	Woods	Woods of two trees question "Lin? Why so many?" curiously!
森	sēn	1	Forest	A forest of three trees sings "Sen!" cheerfully dense!
植	zhí	2	to plant	To plant trees straight questions "Zhi? Where to grow?" curiously!
杏	xìng	4	Apricot	An apricot tree mouth commands "Shing!" sharply ripening!
呆	dāi	1	dim-witted	A dim-witted person with wood mouth sings "Dai!" stupidly happy!
枯	kū	1	withered	A withered tree with ancient wood sings "Koo!" sadly high!
村	cūn	1	Village	A village of trees and inches sings "Tsun!" cheerfully together!
相	xiāng	1	one another	One another with tree and eye sings "Shyang!" happily seeing each other!
本	běn	3	notebook	A notebook tree root bends down drooping saying "Ben"!
案	àn	4	legal case	A legal case at the tree table commands "An!" sharply in judgment!
未	wèi	4	not yet	Not yet finished tree yells "Way!" sharply incomplete!
末	mò	4	Last	Last branch of tree commands "Mwoh!" sharply at the end!
沫	mò	4	Foam	Foam water at last yells "Mwoh!" sharply bubbling!
味	wèi	4	Flavor	Flavor of mouth not yet commands "Way!" sharply tasting!
妹	mèi	4	younger sister	Younger sister woman not yet yells "May!" sharply young!
查	chá	2	to investigate	To investigate tree at dawn questions "Cha? What happened?" curiously!
渣	zhā	1	sediment	Sediment water investigated sings "Zha!" cheerfully settling!
染	rǎn	3	to dye	To dye water with nine trees bends down drooping saying "Ran"!
李	lǐ	3	Plum	A plum tree child bends down drooping saying "Lee"!
桌	zhuō	1	Table	A table tree卓 sings "Zhuo!" cheerfully high and eminent!
若	ruò	4	as if	As if grass with right hand commands "Ruo!" sharply comparing!
草	cǎo	3	grass	Grass with early heads bends down drooping saying "Tsao"!
苦	kǔ	3	Suffering	Suffering grass and ancient bend down drooping saying "Koo"!
寬	kuān	1	wide	Wide grass house sings "Kuan!" cheerfully spacious!
葉	yè	4	Leaf	A leaf of grass and tree page commands "Yeh!" sharply falling!
莫	mò	4	nobody	Nobody in grass sunset commands "Mwoh!" sharply absent!
模	mó	2	to imitate	To imitate nobody with tree questions "Mwo? How to copy?" curiously!
漠	mò	4	Desert	A desert of water and nobody yells "Mwoh!" sharply empty!
墓	mù	4	a Grave	A grave with soil and nobody commands "Moo!" sharply buried!
苗	miáo	2	Seedling	A seedling grass field questions "Miao? Will it grow?" curiously!
瞄	miáo	2	to aim	To aim eye at seedling questions "Miao? Is that the target?" curiously!
兆	zhào	4	Portent	A portent divination commands "Zhao!" sharply foretelling!
桃	táo	2	peach	A peach tree portent questions "Tao? When ripe?" curiously!
犬	quǎn	3	Pooch	A pooch dog bends down drooping saying "Chuan"!
尤	yóu	2	remarkable	Remarkable outstanding person questions "Yo? Really?" curiously!
默	mò	4	silence	Silence of black dog commands "Mwoh!" sharply quiet!
然	rán	2	sort of thing	Sort of thing with flesh fire questions "Ran? Is it so?" curiously!
哭	kū	1	to cry	To cry with two dogs mouth sings "Koo!" sadly high!
器	qì	4	Utensil	A utensil of four dogs and one mouth yells "Chi!" sharply used!
臭	chòu	4	stinking	Stinking nose and dog command "Cho!" sharply smelly!
狗	gǒu	3	Dog	A dog pooch bends down drooping saying "Go"!
厭	yàn	4	to detest	To detest detested dog cliff yells "Yan!" sharply hating!
壓	yā	1	pressure	Pressure of cliff dog singing "Ya!" happily squashing!
牛	niú	2	Cow	A cow with horns questions "Nyo? Moo?" curiously!
特	tè	4	special	A special cow at temple commands "Tuh!" sharply unique!
告	gào	4	to declare	To declare with cow mouth yells "Gao!" sharply announcing!
浩	hào	4	vast	Vast water told commands "Hao!" sharply expanding!
先	xiān	1	before	Before legs sing "Shian!" cheerfully ahead!
洗	xǐ	3	to wash	To wash before water bends down drooping saying "Shee"!
介	jiè	4	to introduce	To introduce person commands "Jieh!" sharply between!
界	jiè	4	World	The world field introduced yells "Jieh!" sharply bounded!
茶	chá	2	Tea	Tea grass people introduced question "Cha? Want some?" curiously!
會	huì	4	Meeting	A meeting with people and cloud commands "Hway!" sharply gathering!
合	hé	2	to fit	To fit person mouth together questions "Huh? Does it match?" curiously!
哈	hā	1	Ha!	"Ha!" laughs the mouth happily singing "Ha!" high and loud!
塔	tǎ	3	Pagoda	A pagoda soil fit tall bends down drooping saying "Ta"!
王	wáng	2	King	A king with three levels questions "Wang? Why rule?" curiously!
玉	yù	4	Jade	Jade king with a dot yells "Yu!" sharply precious!
球	qiú	2	Balls	Balls of jade request questions "Chyo? Play ball?" curiously!
現	xiàn	4	present	Present jade sees commands "Shian!" sharply now!
玩	wán	2	to play	To play with jade beginning questions "Wan? How fun?" curiously!
狂	kuáng	2	crazy	Crazy dog king questions "Kwang? Why mad?" curiously wild!
皇	huáng	2	Emperor	The emperor white king questions "Hwang? Why reign?" curiously!
煌	huáng	2	resplendent	Resplendent fire emperor questions "Hwang? Why shine?" curiously!
呈	chéng	2	to submit	To submit mouth king questions "Cheng? Is it ready?" curiously!
全	quán	2	whole	The whole jade roof questions "Chuan? Is it complete?" curiously!
理	lǐ	3	Logic	Logic jade in li bends down drooping saying "Lee"!
主	zhǔ	3	Lord	A lord king dot above bends down drooping saying "Zhu"!
注	zhù	4	to pour	To pour water lord commands "Zhu!" sharply flowing!
金	jīn	1	the Gold	The gold sings "Jeen!" cheerfully shining!
銅	tóng	2	Copper	Copper gold same questions "Tong? Bronze?" curiously!
釣	diào	4	to go fishin'	To go fishin' with gold hook commands "Diao!" sharply catching!
針	zhēn	1	Needle	A needle gold ten sings "Zhen!" cheerfully sharp!
釘	dīng	1	Nail	A nail gold fourth sings "Ding!" cheerfully hammering!
銘	míng	2	Inscription	An inscription gold name questions "Ming? What says?" curiously!
鎮	zhèn	4	at ease	At ease gold real commands "Zhen!" sharply calming!
道	dào	4	Way	The way of head foot commands "Dao!" sharply leading!
導	dǎo	3	to guide	To guide way inch bends down drooping saying "Dao"!
迅	xùn	4	speedy	Speedy ten walking commands "Shun!" sharply fast!
造	zào	4	to create	To create tell walk yells "Zao!" sharply making!
巡	xún	2	to patrol	To patrol walk around questions "Shun? All clear?" curiously!
逛	guàng	4	to stroll	To stroll wide walk commands "Gwang!" sharply wandering!
車	chē	1	Car	A car with wheels sings "Chuh!" cheerfully rolling!
連	lián	2	one after another	One after another car questions "Lian? Where next?" curiously!
蓮	lián	2	Lotus	A lotus grass connected questions "Lian? Why float?" curiously!
前	qián	2	in front	In front walking boat questions "Chian? Ahead?" curiously!
剪	jiǎn	3	Shears	Shears cut front bends down drooping saying "Jian"!
輸	shū	1	to transport	To transport car sing "Shoo!" cheerfully moving!
逾	yú	2	to exceed	To exceed walking beyond questions "Yu? Too far?" curiously!
各	gè	4	each	Each mouth coming down yells "Guh!" sharply separate!
格	gé	2	Pattern	A pattern tree each questions "Guh? What style?" curiously!
客	kè	4	Guest	A guest each in house commands "Kuh!" sharply visiting!
額	é	2	Forehead	Forehead page of guest questions "Uh? Why so big?" curiously!
夏	xià	4	Summer	Summer head under big feet yells "Shya!" sharply hot!
洛	luò	4	L.A.	L.A. water fall commands "Luo!" sharply in California!
落	luò	4	to fall	To fall grass water L.A. yells "Luo!" sharply dropping!
冗	rǒng	3	superfluous	Superfluous roof power bends down drooping saying "Rong"!
沉	chén	2	profound	Profound water seven questions "Chen? How deep?" curiously!
軍	jūn	1	Army	An army car sings "June!" cheerfully marching!
輝	huī	1	Radiance	Radiance car sings "Hway!" cheerfully glowing!
運	yùn	4	to carry	To carry army walk commands "Yun!" sharply moving!
冠	guān	1	Crown	A crown roof beginning king sings "Gwan!" cheerfully royal!
夢	mèng	4	a Dream	A dream grass crown evening yells "Mung!" sharply at night!
坑	kēng	1	Pit	A pit soil hollow sings "Kung!" echoing happy!
高	gāo	1	tall	Tall mouth building sings "Gao!" cheerfully high!
享	xiǎng	3	to enjoy	To enjoy tall child bends down drooping saying "Shyang"!
熟	shú	2	ripe	Ripe fire enjoy questions "Shoo? Is it done?" curiously!
亭	tíng	2	Pavilion	A pavilion tall nail questions "Ting? Rest here?" curiously!
亮	liàng	4	shining	Shining tall cap commands "Lyang!" sharply bright!
京	jīng	1	Capital	A capital tall mouth sings "Jing!" cheerfully grand!
涼	liáng	2	cool	Cool water capital questions "Lyang? Refreshing?" curiously!
景	jǐng	3	Scenery	Scenery sun capital bends down drooping saying "Jing"!
就	jiù	4	at once	At once capital dog commands "Jyo!" sharply immediately!
周	zhōu	1	Circumference	Circumference mouth inside sings "Joe!" cheerfully around!
週	zhōu	1	Week	A week walk circumference sings "Joe!" cheerfully cycling!
士	shì	4	Soldier	A soldier one ten commands "Shi!" sharply standing!
吉	jí	2	lucky	Lucky soldier mouth questions "Ji? Good fortune?" curiously!
買	mǎi	3	to buy	To buy net four bends down drooping saying "Mai"!
賣	mài	4	to sell	To sell buy shellfish commands "Mai!" sharply trading!
書	shū	1	Book	A book hand speaks cheerfully singing "Shoo!" high!
畫	huà	4	a Drawing	A drawing field commands "Hwa!" sharply with lines!
劃	huá	2	to scratch	To scratch drawing power questions "Hwa? Where cut?" curiously!
攻	gōng	1	to attack	To attack work strike sings "Gong!" cheerfully hitting!
敗	bài	4	to fail	To fail shellfish struck yells "Bai!" sharply defeated!
故	gù	4	deliberately	Deliberately ancient strike commands "Goo!" sharply on purpose!
救	jiù	4	to rescue	To rescue demand strike yells "Jyo!" sharply saving!
敬	jìng	4	to revere	To revere strike alarm commands "Jing!" sharply respecting!
敞	chǎng	3	spacious	Spacious high strike bends down drooping saying "Chang"!
言	yán	2	to say	To say words question "Yan? What speak?" curiously!
警	jǐng	3	Police	Police revere words bend down drooping saying "Jing"!
計	jì	4	a Plan	A plan words ten commands "Ji!" sharply plotting!
獄	yù	4	Prison	Prison dog words言 dog命令 yells "Yu!" sharply locked!
討	tǎo	3	to condemn	To condemn words with inch bends down drooping saying "Tao"!
訓	xùn	4	Instruction	Instruction words in river commands "Shun!" sharply teaching!
話	huà	4	the talk	The talk words tongue commands "Hwa!" sharply speaking!
詩	shī	1	Poem	A poem words at temple sings "Shi!" cheerfully rhyming!
語	yǔ	3	Language	Language words I bend down drooping saying "Yu"!
讀	dú	2	to read	To read words sell questions "Doo? What says?" curiously!
調	diào	4	Tune	A tune words week commands "Diao!" sharply singing!
談	tán	2	to discuss	To discuss words flame questions "Tan? What topic?" curiously!
這	zhè	4	this	This walk words commands "Zhuh!" sharply pointing!
式	shì	4	Style	A style work arrow commands "Shi!" sharply fashioned!
試	shì	4	Test	A test words style yells "Shi!" sharply examining!
戈	gē	1	Halberd	A halberd spear sings "Guh!" cheerfully sharp!
或	huò	4	or	Or one mouth halberd commands "Huo!" sharply choosing!
賊	zéi	2	Burglar	A burglar shellfish ten halberds questions "Zay? Stealing what?" curiously!
載	zài	4	laden	Laden car halberds commands "Zai!" sharply carrying!
鐵	tiě	3	Iron	Iron gold lost bends down drooping saying "Tieh"!
茂	mào	4	lush	Lush grass halberds command "Mao!" sharply overgrown!
成	chéng	2	to turn into	To turn into halberds question "Cheng? What become?" curiously!
城	chéng	2	City	A city earth turn into questions "Cheng? How big?" curiously!
誠	chéng	2	sincere	Sincere words turn into questions "Cheng? Really true?" curiously!
威	wēi	1	Might	Might woman halberds sing "Way!" cheerfully powerful!
滅	miè	4	to destroy	To destroy fire halberds command "Mieh!" sharply extinguishing!
咸	xián	2	everybody	Everybody halberds mouth questions "Shian? All here?" curiously!
減	jiǎn	3	to reduce	To reduce water everybody bends down drooping saying "Jian"!
單	dān	1	a List	A list two halberds sing "Dan!" cheerfully simple!
戰	zhàn	4	War	War list halberds command "Zhan!" sharply fighting!
錢	qián	2	Coin	Coin gold list questions "Chian? How much?" curiously!
淺	qiǎn	3	shallow	Shallow water list bends down drooping saying "Chian"!
賤	jiàn	4	cheap	Cheap shellfish war yells "Jian!" sharply worthless!
止	zhǐ	3	to stop	To stop foot bends down drooping saying "Zhi"!
步	bù	4	Footstep	Footsteps stop little commands "Boo!" sharply walking!
涉	shè	4	to ford	To ford water steps commands "Shuh!" sharply crossing!
頻	pín	2	repeatedly	Repeatedly steps page questions "Pin? Again?" curiously!
肯	kěn	3	to agree	To agree stop flesh bends down drooping saying "Ken"!
企	qǐ	3	to look forward to	To look forward to person stop bends down drooping saying "Chi"!
歲	suì	4	Years of Age	Years of age stop halberds small commands "Sway!" sharply aging!
武	wǔ	3	military	Military stop halberds bend down drooping saying "Woo"!
賦	fù	4	Levy	A levy martial shellfish commands "Foo!" sharply taxing!
正	zhèng	4	correct	Correct stop one commands "Zheng!" sharply right!
政	zhèng	4	Politics	Politics correct strike yells "Zheng!" sharply governing!
定	dìng	4	to settle on	To settle on house correct commands "Ding!" sharply deciding!
走	zǒu	3	to walk	To walk earth stop bends down drooping saying "Zo"!
超	chāo	1	to transcend	To transcend walk summon sings "Chao!" cheerfully exceeding!
越	yuè	4	to surpass	To surpass walk halberds commands "Yueh!" sharply beyond!
是	shì	4	to be	To be sun correct yells "Shi!" sharply existing!
題	tí	2	Topic	A topic yes page questions "Ti? What about?" curiously!
建	jiàn	4	to build	To build brush walk commands "Jian!" sharply constructing!
延	yán	2	to prolong	To prolong walk correct questions "Yan? How long?" curiously!
誕	dàn	4	Nativity	Nativity words prolong commands "Dan!" sharply birth!
楚	chǔ	3	clear	Clear tree define bends down drooping saying "Choo"!
礎	chǔ	3	Foundation	Foundation stone clear bends down drooping saying "Choo"!
衣	yī	1	Clothing	Clothing covers cheerfully singing "Yee!" high!
裡	lǐ	3	inside	Inside clothing li bends down drooping saying "Lee"!
哀	āi	1	Grief	Grief mouth clothes sings "Eye!" sadly high!
袁	yuán	2	Yuan	Yuan clothes begin questions "Yuan? Who's that?" curiously!
遠	yuǎn	3	distant	Distant walk Yuan bends down drooping saying "Yuan"!
壞	huài	4	bad	Bad earth Yuan commands "Hwai!" sharply broken!
初	chū	1	elementary	Elementary clothes knife sings "Choo!" cheerfully starting!
巾	jīn	1	Towel	A towel hangs cheerfully singing "Jeen!" high!
布	bù	4	Cloth	Cloth hangs down commanding "Boo!" sharply spread!
帽	mào	4	Hat	A hat towel eye commands "Mao!" sharply on head!
幕	mù	4	Curtain	A curtain towel nobody yells "Moo!" sharply hanging!
棉	mián	2	Cotton	Cotton tree towel questions "Mian? Is it soft?" curiously!
幫	bāng	1	to help	To help towel city sings "Bang!" cheerfully assisting!
市	shì	4	Market	A market towel above commands "Shi!" sharply trading!
肺	fèi	4	Lungs	Lungs flesh market yell "Fay!" sharply breathing!
帶	dài	4	Sash	A sash towel world commands "Dai!" sharply wrapping!
滯	zhì	4	stagnant	Stagnant water sash yells "Zhi!" sharply stuck!
刺	cì	4	Thorn	A thorn tree bundle commands "Tsih!" sharply piercing!
制	zhì	4	System	A system cow knife commands "Zhi!" sharply regulating!
製	zhì	4	to manufacture	To manufacture clothes system yells "Zhi!" sharply making!
云	yún	2	to utter	To utter two clouds question "Yun? What say?" curiously!
雨	yǔ	3	the Rain	The rain drops bend down drooping saying "Yu"!
雲	yún	2	Cloud	A cloud rain uttering questions "Yun? Why float?" curiously!
雷	léi	2	Thunder	Thunder rain field questions "Lay? Why boom?" curiously!
電	diàn	4	Electricity	Electricity rain utter commands "Dian!" sharply shocking!
霜	shuāng	1	Frost	Frost rain tree sings "Shwang!" cheerfully freezing!
冰	bīng	1	Ice	Ice water sings "Bing!" cheerfully freezing!
冬	dōng	1	Winter	Winter ice sings "Dong!" cheerfully cold!
天	tiān	1	Heavens	Heaven big person sings "Tian!" happily high!
夭	yāo	1	to die young	To die young with bent big sings "Yao!" sadly high!
喬	qiáo	2	to pretend	To pretend tall heaven questions "Chiao? Is it high?" curiously!
橋	qiáo	2	Bridge	A bridge tree pretend questions "Chiao? Can it cross?" curiously!
嬌	jiāo	1	attractive	An attractive woman pretending sings "Jiao!" cheerfully charming!
立	lì	4	standing up	Standing up straight commands "Lee!" sharply erect!
泣	qì	4	to weep	To weep water standing yells "Chi!" sharply crying!
站	zhàn	4	Station	A station standing firm commands "Zhan!" sharply stopping!
章	zhāng	1	Chapter	A chapter standing ten days sings "Zhang!" cheerfully written!
競	jìng	4	to compete	To compete stand brothers command "Jing!" sharply racing!
帝	dì	4	Sovereign	A sovereign standing towel commands "Dee!" sharply ruling!
童	tóng	2	Juvenile	A juvenile standing heavy questions "Tong? Still young?" curiously!
鐘	zhōng	1	Bell	A bell gold juvenile sings "Zhong!" cheerfully ringing!
商	shāng	1	Salesman	A salesman stands high mouth sings "Shang!" cheerfully selling!
適	shì	4	suitable	Suitable walk salesman commands "Shi!" sharply fitting!
敵	dí	2	Enemy	An enemy salesman struck questions "Di? Fight?" curiously!
匕	bǐ	3	Ancient Spoon	An ancient spoon bends down drooping saying "Bee"!
北	běi	3	North	North spoons bend down drooping saying "Bay"!
背	bèi	4	Back	Back north flesh commands "Bay!" sharply behind!
比	bǐ	3	to compare	To compare two spoons bend down drooping saying "Bee"!
昆	kūn	1	Descendants	Descendants sun compare sing "Koon!" cheerfully many!
混	hùn	4	to mix	To mix water descendants yells "Hoon!" sharply blending!
皆	jiē	1	all	All compare white sings "Jieh!" cheerfully everyone!
此	cǐ	3	this	This stop spoon bends down drooping saying "Tsih"!
些	xiē	1	somewhat	Somewhat this two sings "Shieh!" cheerfully some!
它	tuō	1	it	It roof spoon sings "Twoh!" cheerfully neutral!
旨	zhǐ	3	Purpose	Purpose sun spoon bends down drooping saying "Zhi"!
脂	zhī	1	Grease	Grease flesh purpose sings "Zhi!" cheerfully fatty!
每	měi	3	every	Every mother top bends down drooping saying "May"!
梅	méi	2	Small Plum	Small plum tree every questions "May? Ripe?" curiously!
海	hǎi	3	Sea	Sea water every bends down drooping saying "Hai"!
乞	qǐ	3	to beg	To beg bent person bends down drooping saying "Chi"!
吃	chī	1	to eat	To eat mouth beg sings "Chi!" cheerfully consuming!
乾	gān	1	dry	Dry sunrise sings "Gan!" cheerfully arid!
複	fù	4	to duplicate	To duplicate clothes dry commands "Foo!" sharply repeating!
腹	fù	4	Abdomen	Abdomen flesh duplicate yells "Foo!" sharply belly!
欠	qiàn	4	to lack	To lack person commands "Chian!" sharply missing!
吹	chuī	1	to blow	To blow mouth lack sings "Chway!" cheerfully puffing!
歌	gē	1	Song	A song lack big mouth sings "Guh!" cheerfully loud!
軟	ruǎn	3	soft	Soft car lack bends down drooping saying "Ruan"!
次	cì	4	next	Next ice commands "Tsih!" sharply second!
資	zī	1	Assets	Assets next shellfish sing "Zi!" cheerfully wealthy!
姿	zī	1	Looks	Looks woman next sing "Zi!" cheerfully pretty!
諮	zī	1	to consult with	To consult words next sing "Zi!" cheerfully asking!
賠	péi	2	to compensate	To compensate shellfish stand questions "Pay? How much?" curiously!
培	péi	2	to cultivate	To cultivate soil stand questions "Pay? How grow?" curiously!
音	yīn	1	Sound	Sound standing sun sings "Yin!" cheerfully audible!
暗	àn	4	dark	Dark sun sound commands "An!" sharply hidden!
韻	yùn	4	Rhyme	A rhyme sound commands "Yun!" sharply poetic!
識	shì	4	Knowledge	Knowledge words sound yells "Shi!" sharply knowing!
幟	zhì	4	Streamer	A streamer towel sound commands "Zhi!" sharply waving!
竟	jìng	4	unexpectedly	Unexpectedly sound child yells "Jing!" sharply surprising!
鏡	jìng	4	Mirror	A mirror gold unexpectedly commands "Jing!" sharply reflecting!
境	jìng	4	Boundary	A boundary earth unexpectedly yells "Jing!" sharply bordering!
亡	wáng	2	deceased	Deceased person gone questions "Wang? Where died?" curiously!
盲	máng	2	blind	Blind eye deceased questions "Mang? Can't see?" curiously!
妄	wàng	4	absurd	Absurd woman deceased commands "Wang!" sharply crazy!
望	wàng	4	to expect	To expect absurd moon yells "Wang!" sharply hoping!
方	fāng	1	Direction	Direction square sings "Fang!" cheerfully pointing!
妨	fáng	2	to hinder	To hinder woman direction questions "Fang? Block?" curiously!
放	fàng	4	to release	To release direction strike commands "Fang!" sharply freeing!
激	jī	1	to excite	To excite white direction water sings "Ji!" cheerfully energized!
於	yú	2	[all-purpose preposition]	At place with direction questions "Yu? Where?" curiously!
旁	páng	2	Side	Side stand direction questions "Pang? Which side?" curiously!
兌	duì	4	to convert	To convert person mouth commands "Dway!" sharply exchanging!
脫	tuō	1	to undress	To undress flesh convert sings "Twoh!" cheerfully removing!
說	shuō	1	to speak	To speak words convert sings "Shwoh!" cheerfully talking!
曾	céng	2	formerly	Formerly day bend questions "Tseng? Long ago?" curiously!
增	zēng	1	to increase	To increase earth formerly sings "Zeng!" cheerfully growing!
贈	zèng	4	to make a present of	To make a present of shellfish increase commands "Zeng!" sharply gifting!
東	dōng	1	East	East tree bag sings "Dong!" cheerfully rising!
棟	dòng	4	Building	Building tree east commands "Dong!" sharply constructed!
凍	dòng	4	to freeze	To freeze ice east yells "Dong!" sharply frozen!
也	yě	3	also	Also curved bends down drooping saying "Yeh"!
她	tā	1	she	She woman also sings "Ta!" cheerfully feminine!
地	dì	4	Ground	Ground earth also commands "Dee!" sharply below!
池	chí	2	Pond	A pond water also questions "Chi? Deep?" curiously!
蟲	chóng	2	Insects	Insects crawling question "Chong? Where going?" curiously!
蛇	shé	2	Serpent	A serpent insect also questions "Shuh? Slithering?" curiously!
蛋	dàn	4	Egg	An egg insect finished commands "Dan!" sharply hatching!
風	fēng	1	the Wind	The wind insect sings "Fung!" cheerfully blowing!
諷	fěng	3	to mock	To mock words wind bend down drooping saying "Fung"!
己	jǐ	3	self	Self bent bends down drooping saying "Ji"!
改	gǎi	3	to alter	To alter self strike bends down drooping saying "Gai"!
記	jì	4	to remember	To remember words self yells "Ji!" sharply noting!
已	yǐ	3	already	Already self bent bends down drooping saying "Yi"!
包	bāo	1	to wrap	To wrap self kneeling sings "Bao!" cheerfully enclosing!
泡	pào	4	Bubbles	Bubbles water wrap command "Pao!" sharply foaming!
起	qǐ	3	to begin	To begin walk self bends down drooping saying "Chi"!
家	jiā	1	House	A house roof pig sings "Jia!" cheerfully dwelling!
場	chǎng	3	Site	A site earth house bends down drooping saying "Chang"!
湯	tāng	1	Soup	Soup water site sings "Tang!" cheerfully hot!
羊	yáng	2	Sheep	A sheep with horns questions "Yang? Baaa?" curiously!
美	měi	3	beautiful	Beautiful big sheep bends down drooping saying "May"!
洋	yáng	2	Ocean	Ocean water sheep questions "Yang? How vast?" curiously!
鮮	xiān	1	fresh	Fresh fish sheep sings "Shian!" cheerfully new!
達	dá	2	to reach	To reach sheep walk questions "Da? There yet?" curiously!
樣	yàng	4	Appearance	Appearance tree sheep commands "Yang!" sharply looking!
差	chà	4	to fall short of	To fall short sheep work yells "Cha!" sharply lacking!
集	jí	2	to gather	To gather tree birds questions "Ji? All here?" curiously!
進	jìn	4	to advance	To advance walk birds commands "Jin!" sharply forward!
準	zhǔn	3	Standard	Standard water birds bend down drooping saying "Zhun"!
誰	shui2	2	who?	Who speaks birds questions "Shway? Who is it?" curiously!
售	shòu	4	to vend	To vend bird mouth commands "Show!" sharply selling!
雖	suī	1	although	Although insect birds sings "Sway!" cheerfully conceding!
確	què	4	reliable	Reliable stone birds commands "Chueh!" sharply certain!
午	wǔ	3	Noon	Noon at midday bends down drooping saying "Woo"!
許	xǔ	3	to permit	To permit words noon bend down drooping saying "Shu"!
羽	yǔ	3	Feathers	Feathers bend down drooping saying "Yu"!
習	xí	2	to learn	To learn feathers white questions "Shi? How practice?" curiously!
翔	xiáng	2	to soar	To soar feathers sheep questions "Shyang? Flying?" curiously!
困	kùn	4	trapped	Trapped tree in box commands "Koon!" sharply stuck!
固	gù	4	solid	Solid trap ancient yells "Goo!" sharply firm!
國	guó	2	Country	A country enclosure solid questions "Gwoh? Which nation?" curiously!
圓	yuán	2	round	Round enclosure employee questions "Yuan? Is it circular?" curiously!
因	yīn	1	a Cause	A cause big enclosure sings "Yin!" cheerfully reason!
園	yuán	2	Park	A park enclosure soil questions "Yuan? Nice garden?" curiously!
回	huí	2	to return	To return enclosure questions "Hway? Back?" curiously!
迴	huí	2	to revolve	To revolve walk return questions "Hway? Spinning?" curiously!
圖	tú	2	Picture	A picture enclosure winter questions "Too? What image?" curiously!
店	diàn	4	a Store	A store building divination commands "Dian!" sharply shopping!
庫	kù	4	Warehouse	A warehouse building vehicle yells "Koo!" sharply storing!
褲	kù	4	Trousers	Trousers clothes warehouse command "Koo!" sharply pants!
廠	chǎng	3	Factory	A factory cliff wide bends down drooping saying "Chang"!
床	chuáng	2	Bed	A bed cliff tree questions "Chwang? Sleep here?" curiously!
麻	má	2	Hemp	Hemp plant under roof questions "Ma? Rough?" curiously!
心	xīn	1	Heart	A heart beats cheerfully singing "Shin!" high!
忘	wàng	4	to forget	To forget deceased heart commands "Wang!" sharply forgotten!
忍	rěn	3	to endure	To endure blade heart bends down drooping saying "Ren"!
認	rèn	4	to recognize	To recognize words endure yells "Ren!" sharply knowing!
志	zhì	4	Aspiration	Aspiration samurai heart commands "Zhi!" sharply determined!
誌	zhì	4	Annals	Annals words aspiration yell "Zhi!" sharply recording!
思	sī	1	to consider	To consider field heart sings "Si!" cheerfully thinking!
意	yì	4	Idea	An idea sound heart commands "Yi!" sharply conceiving!
想	xiǎng	3	to think	To think tree idea bends down drooping saying "Shyang"!
息	xí	2	Breath	Breath self heart questions "Shi? Breathing?" curiously!
恐	kǒng	3	to fear	To fear work inch heart bends down drooping saying "Kong"!
感	gǎn	3	to feel	To feel everybody heart bends down drooping saying "Gan"!
憾	hàn	4	a Regret	A regret heart feel commands "Han!" sharply regretting!
憂	yōu	1	worried	Worried head heart sings "Yo!" sadly high!
怕	pà	4	to dread	To dread heart white commands "Pa!" sharply scared!
忙	máng	2	busy	Busy heart deceased questions "Mang? Too much?" curiously!
慣	guàn	4	accustomed to	Accustomed to heart pierce yells "Gwan!" sharply used to!
懷	huái	2	to cherish	To cherish heart bad questions "Hwai? Care for?" curiously!
必	bì	4	certainly	Certainly heart pierced commands "Bee!" sharply must!
手	shǒu	3	Hand	A hand with fingers bends down drooping saying "Show"!
看	kàn	4	to look at	To look at hand eye commands "Kan!" sharply viewing!
拿	ná	2	to hold	To hold hand fit questions "Na? Holding?" curiously!
我	wǒ	3	I	I hand halberd bend down drooping saying "Woh"!
義	yì	4	Righteousness	Righteousness sheep I commands "Yi!" sharply just!
議	yì	4	to deliberate	To deliberate words righteous yells "Yi!" sharply discussing!
蟻	yǐ	3	Ant	An ant insect righteous bends down drooping saying "Yi"!
抱	bào	4	to embrace	To embrace hand wrap commands "Bao!" sharply hugging!
抗	kàng	4	to combat	To combat hand tall yells "Kang!" sharply resisting!
批	pī	1	to criticize	To criticize hand compare sings "Pi!" cheerfully judging!
招	zhāo	1	to beckon	To beckon hand summon sings "Zhao!" cheerfully calling!
打	dǎ	3	to strike	To strike hand nail bends down drooping saying "Da"!
指	zhǐ	3	Finger	Finger hand purpose bends down drooping saying "Zhi"!
持	chí	2	to support	To support hand temple questions "Chi? Holding?" curiously!
括	kuò	4	to include	To include hand tongue commands "Kwoh!" sharply enclosing!
提	tí	2	to bring up	To bring up hand right questions "Ti? Lift?" curiously!
揮	huī	1	to brandish	To brandish hand army sings "Hway!" cheerfully waving!
推	tuī	1	to push	To push hand bird sings "Tway!" cheerfully shoving!
接	jiē	1	to welcome	To welcome hand woman sings "Jieh!" cheerfully receiving!
掛	guà	4	to hang	Hang hand earth divination commands "Gwa!" sharply suspended!
按	àn	4	to press down on	To press down on hand case yells "An!" sharply pushing!
掉	diào	4	to drop	To drop hand luck commands "Diao!" sharply falling!
拉	lā	1	to pull	To pull hand stand sings "La!" cheerfully dragging!
啦	la	5	!!	"La!" mouth pull says "la" neutrally exclaiming!
找	zhǎo	3	to look for	To look for hand dagger bends down drooping saying "Zhao"!
研	yán	2	to grind away	To grind away stone open questions "Yan? Polishing?" curiously!
弄	nòng	4	to play with	To play with king jewel commands "Nong!" sharply tinkering!
鼻	bí	2	Nose	A nose self field questions "Bee? Smelling?" curiously!
刑	xíng	2	Punishment	Punishment knife open questions "Shing? Penalty?" curiously!
型	xíng	2	mold	Mold punishment earth questions "Shing? Shape?" curiously!
才	cái	2	Genius	Genius young sprout questions "Tsai? Talented?" curiously!
財	cái	2	Riches	Riches shellfish genius question "Tsai? How much?" curiously!
存	cún	2	to deposit	To deposit genius child questions "Tsun? Saving?" curiously!
在	zài	4	at	At genius earth commands "Zai!" sharply located!
乃	nǎi	3	only then	Only then bent bends down drooping saying "Nai"!
奶	nǎi	3	Milk	Milk woman only then bends down drooping saying "Nai"!
及	jí	2	to catch up with	To catch up with person reach questions "Ji? Fast enough?" curiously!
吸	xī	1	to inhale	To inhale mouth reach sings "Shi!" cheerfully breathing!
史	shǐ	3	History	History hand mouth bends down drooping saying "Shi"!
更	gèng	4	even more	Even more sun history commands "Geng!" sharply further!
硬	yìng	4	hard (like material)	Hard stone more yells "Ying!" sharply firm!
又	yòu	4	again	Again hand commands "Yo!" sharply repeating!
友	yǒu	3	Friend	A friend again hand bends down drooping saying "Yo"!
雙	shuāng	1	Pair	A pair two birds sing "Shwang!" cheerfully matching!
隻	zhī	1	One of a Pair	One of a pair bird sings "Zhi!" cheerfully single!
護	hù	4	to protect	To protect words pair commands "Hoo!" sharply guarding!
獲	huò	4	to seize	To seize dog grass bird yells "Hwoh!" sharply catching!
觀	guān	1	to observe	To observe again see sings "Gwan!" cheerfully watching!
歡	huān	1	joyous	Joyous again lack sings "Hwan!" cheerfully happy!
投	tóu	2	to throw	To throw hand reach questions "Toe? Tossing?" curiously!
沒	méi	2	to not have	To not have water reach questions "May? None?" curiously!
設	shè	4	to establish	To establish words reach yells "Shuh!" sharply founding!
股	gǔ	3	Thigh	A thigh flesh ancient bends down drooping saying "Goo"!
支	zhī	1	Offshoot	An offshoot branch sings "Zhi!" cheerfully dividing!
技	jì	4	Skill	Skill hand branch commands "Ji!" sharply able!
枝	zhī	1	Branch	Branch tree offshoot sings "Zhi!" cheerfully extending!
叔	shú	2	(Paternal Older) Uncle	Uncle small hand questions "Shoo? Uncle?" curiously!
督	dū	1	Superintend	Superintend uncle eye sings "Doo!" cheerfully supervising!
寂	jí	2	lonely	Lonely house uncle questions "Ji? Alone?" curiously!
反	fǎn	3	against	Against cliff hand bends down drooping saying "Fan"!
板	bǎn	3	Plank	A plank tree against bends down drooping saying "Ban"!
返	fǎn	3	to go back	To go back walk against bends down drooping saying "Fan"!
派	pài	4	Faction	A faction water against commands "Pai!" sharply grouping!
脈	mài	4	Blood Vessels	Blood vessels flesh against yell "Mai!" sharply flowing!
爪	zhǎo	3	a Claw	A claw bends down drooping saying "Zhao"!
抓	zhuā	1	to grab	To grab hand claw sings "Zhwa!" cheerfully catching!
采	cǎi	3	to pluck	To pluck claw tree bends down drooping saying "Tsai"!
採	cǎi	3	to pick	To pick hand pluck bends down drooping saying "Tsai"!
菜	cài	4	Vegetable	Vegetable grass pick commands "Tsai!" sharply growing!
受	shòu	4	to accept	To accept claw hand commands "Show!" sharply receiving!
授	shòu	4	to confer	To confer hand accept yells "Show!" sharply granting!
愛	ài	4	Love	Love claw heart foot commands "Eye!" sharply caring!
雄	xióng	2	grand	A grand bird questions "Shyong? Majestic?" curiously!
台	tái	2	Platform	A platform mouth sings "Tai?" cheerfully questioning!
治	zhì	4	to govern	To govern water platform commands "Zhi!" sharply ruling!
始	shǐ	3	to commence	To commence woman platform bends down drooping saying "Shi"!
去	qù	4	to go	To go private earth commands "Chu!" sharply leaving!
法	fǎ	3	Method	Method water go bends down drooping saying "Fa"!
至	zhì	4	until	Until arrow earth commands "Zhi!" sharply arriving!
室	shì	4	Room	A room house until yells "Shi!" sharply enclosed!
到	dào	4	to arrive	To arrive until knife commands "Dao!" sharply reaching!
互	hù	4	mutual	Mutual together commands "Hoo!" sharply reciprocal!
充	chōng	1	sufficient	Sufficient child sings "Chong!" cheerfully full!
育	yù	4	Education	Education roof moon flesh yells "Yu!" sharply teaching!
流	liú	2	to flow	To flow water education questions "Lyo? Flowing?" curiously!
梳	shū	1	Comb	A comb tree flow sings "Shoo!" cheerfully grooming!
山	shān	1	Mountain	Mountains rise cheerfully singing "Shan!" high and proud!
出	chū	1	to exit	To exit mountain sings "Choo!" cheerfully emerging!
擊	jī	2	to beat	To beat hand car questions "Ji? Strike?" curiously!
密	mì	4	secret	Secret mountain needle commands "Mee!" sharply hidden!
入	rù	4	to enter	To enter down commands "Roo!" sharply going in!
內	nèi	4	internal	Internal person enter yells "Nay!" sharply inside!
吶	nà	5	to holler	To holler mouth internal says "na" neutrally shouting!
分	fēn	1	Part	A part divides cheerfully singing "Fen!" high!
貧	pín	2	impoverished	Impoverished part shellfish questions "Pin? So poor?" curiously!
公	gōng	1	public	Public person divide sings "Gong!" cheerfully shared!
松	sōng	1	Pine Tree	Pine tree public sings "Song!" cheerfully evergreen!
谷	gǔ	3	Valley	Valley mouth bends down drooping saying "Goo"!
浴	yù	4	to bathe	To bathe water valley commands "Yu!" sharply washing!
欲	yù	4	to desire	To desire valley lack yells "Yu!" sharply wanting!
慾	yù	4	the Lust	The lust heart desire commands "Yu!" sharply craving!
容	róng	2	to contain	To contain roof valley questions "Rong? Fit inside?" curiously!
溶	róng	2	to dissolve	To dissolve water contain questions "Rong? Melting?" curiously!
當	dāng	1	to work as	To work as field small sings "Dang!" cheerfully employed!
檔	dàng	3	Files	Files tree work as bend down drooping saying "Dang"!
黨	dǎng	3	Political Party	Political party black work as bend down drooping saying "Dang"!
常	cháng	2	often	Often towel work as questions "Chang? Frequently?" curiously!
堂	táng	2	Main Room	Main room earth often questions "Tang? Central hall?" curiously!
皮	pí	2	Covering	Covering hand claw questions "Pi? Skin?" curiously!
波	bō	1	Waves	Waves water skin sings "Bwo!" cheerfully rippling!
婆	pó	2	Old Woman	Old woman skin questions "Pwo? Grandmother?" curiously!
破	pò	4	to break	To break stone skin commands "Pwoh!" sharply shattered!
被	bèi	4	a Quilt	A quilt clothes skin yells "Bay!" sharply covering!
歹	dǎi	3	malicious	Malicious death bends down drooping saying "Dai"!
列	liè	4	to line up	To line up dagger commands "Lieh!" sharply arrayed!
烈	liè	4	intense	Intense fire line up yells "Lieh!" sharply fierce!
死	sǐ	3	Death	Death dagger bends down drooping saying "Si"!
葬	zàng	4	to inter	To inter grass death commands "Zang!" sharply burying!
耳	ěr	3	Ear	An ear bends down drooping saying "Er"!
取	qǔ	3	to take	To take ear hand bends down drooping saying "Chu"!
趣	qù	4	an Interest	An interest take walk commands "Chu!" sharply engaging!
最	zuì	4	most	Most ear take sun yells "Zway!" sharply utmost!
職	zhí	2	Job	A job ear sound questions "Zhi? Working?" curiously!
聖	shèng	4	holy	Holy ear king commands "Sheng!" sharply divine!
敢	gǎn	3	brave	Brave ear strike bends down drooping saying "Gan"!
嚴	yán	2	strict	Strict brave mouth questions "Yan? Severe?" curiously!
曼	màn	4	drawn out	Drawn out sun eye commands "Man!" sharply extended!
慢	màn	4	slow	Slow heart drawn out yells "Man!" sharply gradual!
漫	màn	4	to overflow	To overflow water slow commands "Man!" sharply flooding!
環	huán	2	a Ring	A ring jade surround questions "Hwan? Circular?" curiously!
還	huán	2	to give back	To give back walk ring questions "Hwan? Return?" curiously!
夫	fū	2	Husband	Husband big questions "Foo? My man?" curiously!
規	guī	1	Regulations	Regulations see husband sings "Gway!" cheerfully rules!
替	tì	4	to replace	To replace two husband day commands "Ti!" sharply substituting!
失	shī	1	to lose	To lose husband hand sings "Shi!" sadly high!
臣	chén	2	Feudal Official	Feudal official bound questions "Chen? Serving?" curiously!
臨	lín	2	to be about to	To be about to official goods questions "Lin? Soon?" curiously!
賢	xián	2	worthy	Worthy official shellfish questions "Shian? Virtuous?" curiously!
堅	jiān	1	firm	Firm earth official sings "Jian!" cheerfully solid!
力	lì	4	Power	Power commands "Lee!" sharply strong!
另	lìng	4	another	Another power commands "Ling!" sharply different!
別	bié	2	don't	Don't another sword questions "Bieh? Please not?" curiously!
拐	guǎi	3	to turn	To turn hand separate bends down drooping saying "Gwai"!
男	nán	2	Male	Male field power questions "Nan? Man?" curiously!
功	gōng	1	Achievement	Achievement work power sings "Gong!" cheerfully accomplished!
奴	nú	2	Slave	A slave woman power questions "Noo? Serve?" curiously!
努	nǔ	3	to toil	To toil slave power bends down drooping saying "Noo"!
加	jiā	1	to add	To add power mouth sings "Jia!" cheerfully increasing!
賀	hè	4	to congratulate	To congratulate add shellfish commands "Huh!" sharply celebrating!
架	jià	4	Shelf	A shelf add tree yells "Jia!" sharply supporting!
協	xié	2	to cooperate	To cooperate ten power questions "Shieh? Together?" curiously!
行	háng	2	Line Of Business	Line of business step questions "Hang? What trade?" curiously!
律	lǜ	4	Law	Law walk step commands "Lyu!" sharply ruling!
復	fù	4	to recover	To recover walk clothes day commands "Foo!" sharply restoring!
得	dé	2	must	Must step hand questions "Duh? Have to?" curiously!
待	dài	4	to treat	To treat step temple commands "Dai!" sharply serving!
往	wǎng	3	toward	Going toward step king bends down drooping saying "Wang"!
德	dé	2	Morality	Morality step go straight questions "Duh? Virtuous?" curiously!
聽	tīng	1	to listen	To listen ear ten eye sings "Ting!" cheerfully hearing!
廳	tīng	1	Hall	Hall cliff listen sings "Ting!" cheerfully grand!
微	wēi	2	tiny	Tiny step mountain questions "Way? So small?" curiously!
街	jiē	1	Street	Street step earth sings "Jieh!" cheerfully paved!
禾	hé	2	Standing Grain	Standing grain questions "Huh? Harvest?" curiously!
程	chéng	2	Journey	Journey grain king questions "Cheng? How far?" curiously!
和	hé	2	Harmony	Harmony grain mouth questions "Huh? Peace?" curiously!
移	yí	2	to shift	To shift grain many questions "Yi? Moving?" curiously!
秋	qiū	1	Autumn	Autumn grain fire sings "Chyo!" cheerfully harvest!
愁	chóu	2	gloomy	Gloomy heart autumn questions "Cho? Sad?" curiously!
利	lì	4	a Profit	A profit grain knife commands "Lee!" sharply earning!
香	xiāng	1	Perfume	Perfume grain sun sings "Shyang!" cheerfully fragrant!
季	jì	4	Seasons	Seasons grain child commands "Ji!" sharply quarterly!
委	wěi	3	Committee	Committee grain woman bends down drooping saying "Way"!
秀	xiù	4	elegant	Elegant grain private commands "Shyo!" sharply refined!
透	tòu	4	to penetrate	To penetrate walk elegant yells "Toe!" sharply piercing!
誘	yòu	4	to entice	To entice words penetrate commands "Yo!" sharply tempting!
歷	lì	4	Experience	Experience cliff rice commands "Lee!" sharply undergone!
米	mǐ	3	Rice	Rice bends down drooping saying "Mee"!
迷	mí	2	lost	Lost walk rice questions "Mee? Where am I?" curiously!
謎	mí	2	Riddle	Riddle words lost questions "Mee? What answer?" curiously!
類	lèi	4	the Kind	The kind rice head dog commands "Lay!" sharply categorized!
竹	zhú	2	Bamboo	Bamboo questions "Zhoo? Growing?" curiously!
笑	xiào	4	to laugh	To laugh bamboo young commands "Shyao!" sharply giggling!
箱	xiāng	1	Box	A box bamboo fragrance sings "Shyang!" cheerfully stored!
筆	bǐ	3	Pen	A pen bamboo hand bends down drooping saying "Bee"!
等	děng	3	etc.	Etc. bamboo temple bends down drooping saying "Dung"!
算	suàn	4	to calculate	To calculate bamboo eyes commands "Swan!" sharply computing!
答	dá	2	to answer	To answer bamboo fit questions "Da? Reply?" curiously!
策	cè	4	Strategy	Strategy bamboo tree commands "Tsuh!" sharply planning!
人	rén	2	Person	A person questions "Ren? Who?" curiously!
囚	qiú	2	Prisoner	A prisoner person trapped questions "Chyo? Release?" curiously!
份	fèn	4	Portion	Portion person part commands "Fen!" sharply shared!
佔	zhàn	4	to occupy	To occupy person divine yells "Zhan!" sharply possessing!
傢	jiā	1	Furniture	Furniture person house sings "Jia!" cheerfully furnished!
你	nǐ	3	you	You person small bends down drooping saying "Nee"!
您	nín	2	you (respectful)	You respectful person heart questions "Nin? Sir?" curiously!
什	shén	2	what?	What person ten questions "Shen? Which?" curiously!
條	tiáo	2	a Strip	A strip person long questions "Tiao? Thin piece?" curiously!
值	zhí	2	Value	Value person straight questions "Zhi? Worth?" curiously!
做	zuò	4	to make	To make person ancient commands "Zwoh!" sharply creating!
但	dàn	4	however	However person once yells "Dan!" sharply yet!
住	zhù	4	to dwell	To dwell person master commands "Zhoo!" sharply residing!
位	wèi	4	Position	Position person stand yells "Way!" sharply ranked!
件	jiàn	4	Piece	Piece person cow commands "Jian!" sharply item!
仍	réng	2	still	Still person dagger questions "Reng? Yet?" curiously!
他	tā	1	he	He person also sings "Ta!" cheerfully him!
休	xiū	1	to rest	To rest person tree sings "Shyo!" cheerfully relaxing!
信	xìn	4	Faith	Faith person words commands "Shin!" sharply believing!
依	yī	1	to depend on	To depend on person clothes sings "Yi!" cheerfully relying!
例	lì	4	Example	Example person stand yells "Lee!" sharply instance!
個	gè	4	individual	Individual person solid commands "Guh!" sharply single!
健	jiàn	4	healthy	Healthy person build yells "Jian!" sharply strong!
停	tíng	2	to halt	To halt person pavilion questions "Ting? Stop?" curiously!
倒	dǎo	3	upside down	Upside down person arrive bends down drooping saying "Dao"!
仁	rén	2	Benevolence	Benevolence person two questions "Ren? Kind?" curiously!
優	yōu	1	excellent	Excellent person worried sings "Yo!" cheerfully superior!
傷	shāng	1	a Wound	A wound person trade sings "Shang!" painfully high!
保	bǎo	3	to safeguard	To safeguard person protect bends down drooping saying "Bao"!
堡	bǎo	3	Fort	A fort earth safeguard bends down drooping saying "Bao"!
付	fù	4	to pay	To pay person hand commands "Foo!" sharply giving!
府	fǔ	3	Government Office	Government office building pay bends down drooping saying "Foo"!
俯	fǔ	3	to bow one's head	To bow person office bends down drooping saying "Foo"!
代	dài	4	to substitute for	To substitute person weapon commands "Dai!" sharply replacing!
袋	dài	4	Bag	A bag clothes substitute yells "Dai!" sharply holding!
化	huà	4	to transform	To transform person change commands "Hwa!" sharply morphing!
花	huā	1	Flower	Flower grass transform sings "Hwa!" cheerfully blooming!
貨	huò	4	Commodities	Commodities transform shellfish commands "Hwoh!" sharply trading!
何	hé	2	what/which/who/where/why?	What person mouth questions "Huh? Who where?" curiously!
便	biàn	4	convenient	Convenient person change commands "Bian!" sharply handy!
丈	zhàng	4	100 Chinese Inches	100 Chinese inches commands "Zhang!" sharply measuring!
使	shǐ	3	to use	To use person officer bends down drooping saying "Shi"!
久	jiǔ	3	long time	Long time person bend down drooping saying "Jyo"!
畝	mǔ	3	Chinese Acre	Chinese acre field long time bends down drooping saying "Moo"!
丙	bǐng	3	third	Third one inside bends down drooping saying "Bing"!
柄	bǐng	3	a Handle	A handle tree third bends down drooping saying "Bing"!
肉	ròu	4	Meat	Meat person inside commands "Ro!" sharply meaty!
腐	fǔ	3	rotten	Rotten meat office bends down drooping saying "Foo"!
眾	zhòng	4	Multitude	Multitude three people yell "Zhong!" sharply many!
坐	zuò	4	to sit	To sit two people earth commands "Zwoh!" sharply seated!
座	zuò	4	Seat	A seat building sit yells "Zwoh!" sharply positioned!
檢	jiǎn	3	to examine	To examine tree check bends down drooping saying "Jian"!
臉	liǎn	3	a Face	A face flesh check bends down drooping saying "Lian"!
來	lái	2	to come	To come wheat questions "Lai? Arriving?" curiously!
麥	mài	4	Wheat	Wheat walking grain commands "Mai!" sharply growing!
喝	hē	1	to drink	To drink mouth wheat sings "Huh!" cheerfully gulping!
渴	kě	3	thirsty	Thirsty water drink bends down drooping saying "Kuh"!
任	rèn	4	to appoint	To appoint person burden commands "Ren!" sharply assigning!
廷	tíng	2	Royal Court	Royal court questions "Ting? Palace?" curiously!
庭	tíng	2	Court Of Law	Court of law building royal court questions "Ting? Trial?" curiously!
以	yǐ	3	by means of	By means of resembles bends down drooping saying "Yi"!
似	sì	4	similar	Similar person by means commands "Sih!" sharply alike!
併	bìng	4	to combine	To combine person piece commands "Bing!" sharply joining!
拼	pīn	1	to piece together	To piece together hand combine sings "Pin!" cheerfully assembling!
呂	lǚ	3	Spine	Spine two mouths bend down drooping saying "Lyu"!
侶	lǚ	3	an Associate	An associate person spine bends down drooping saying "Lyu"!
榮	róng	2	Glory	Glory grass fire questions "Rong? Honor?" curiously!
勞	láo	2	Labor	Labor fire power questions "Lao? Working?" curiously!
營	yíng	2	a Camp	A camp fire building questions "Ying? Army?" curiously!
善	shàn	4	virtuous	Virtuous sheep mouth commands "Shan!" sharply good!
年	nián	2	Year	Year one thousand questions "Nian? How long?" curiously!
夜	yè	4	Night	Night person liquid commands "Yeh!" sharply dark!
液	yè	4	Liquid	Liquid water night yells "Yeh!" sharply flowing!
喚	huàn	4	to call out	To call out mouth exchange commands "Hwan!" sharply shouting!
換	huàn	4	to exchange	To exchange hand call out yells "Hwan!" sharply trading!
旅	lǚ	3	to travel	To travel flag direction bends down drooping saying "Lyu"!
施	shī	1	to execute	To execute to travel sings "Shi!" cheerfully doing!
游	yóu	2	to go swimming	To go swimming water move questions "Yo? Swimming?" curiously!
遊	yóu	2	to tour	To tour walk swim questions "Yo? Wandering?" curiously!
勿	wù	4	not	Not commands "Woo!" sharply negating!
忽	hū	1	suddenly	Suddenly heart not sings "Hoo!" cheerfully abrupt!
物	wù	4	Thing	Thing cow not yells "Woo!" sharply object!
易	yì	4	easy	Easy sun moon commands "Yi!" sharply simple!
賜	cì	4	to grant	To grant easy shellfish yells "Tsih!" sharply bestowing!
屍	shī	1	Corpse	A corpse body sings "Shi!" sadly high!
尼	ní	2	Nun	A nun corpse questions "Nee? Religious?" curiously!
呢	ne	5	Woolen Cloth	Woolen cloth mouth nun says "nuh" neutrally textured!
泥	ní	2	Mud	Mud water nun questions "Nee? Wet earth?" curiously!
屋	wū	1	Habitation	Habitation corpse至 sings "Woo!" cheerfully sheltered!
握	wò	4	to grip	To grip hand house commands "Woh!" sharply grasping!
居	jū	1	to reside	To reside corpse ancient sings "Jyu!" cheerfully dwelling!
鋸	jù	4	a Saw	A saw gold reside yells "Jyu!" sharply cutting!
層	céng	2	Story	Story corpse question "Tseng? Which floor?" curiously!
局	jú	2	Bureau	Bureau corpse sentence questions "Jyu? Office?" curiously!
戶	hù	4	Door	A door commands "Hoo!" sharply entry!
房	fáng	2	Domicile	Domicile door direction questions "Fang? House?" curiously!
雇	gù	4	to hire	To hire bird door commands "Goo!" sharply employing!
顧	gù	4	to look back	To look back hire page yells "Goo!" sharply reviewing!
示	shì	4	to show	To show altar commands "Shi!" sharply displaying!
社	shè	4	Society	Society show earth yells "Shuh!" sharply group!
視	shì	4	to inspect	To inspect show see commands "Shi!" sharply examining!
福	fú	2	Happiness	Happiness show one mouth questions "Foo? Blessed?" curiously!
禁	jìn	4	to prohibit	To prohibit show forest commands "Jin!" sharply forbidding!
襟	jīn	1	Front of a Garment	Front of garment clothes prohibit sings "Jeen!" cheerfully lapel!
宗	zōng	1	Religion	Religion roof show sings "Zong!" cheerfully sect!
崇	chóng	2	to worship	To worship mountain religion questions "Chong? Revere?" curiously!
祭	jì	4	to offer sacrifice	To offer sacrifice show flesh commands "Ji!" sharply ritual!
察	chá	2	to scrutinize	To scrutinize sacrifice roof questions "Cha? Examine?" curiously!
擦	cā	1	to scrub	To scrub hand scrutinize sings "Tsa!" cheerfully wiping!
由	yóu	2	Wherefore	Wherefore field questions "Yo? Why?" curiously!
抽	chōu	1	to draw out	To draw out hand wherefore sings "Cho!" cheerfully extracting!
油	yóu	2	Oil	Oil water wherefore questions "Yo? Lubricating?" curiously!
甲	jiǎ	3	first	First shell bends down drooping saying "Jia"!
押	yā	1	to pawn	To pawn hand first sings "Ya!" cheerfully depositing!
申	shēn	1	to express	To express day middle sings "Shen!" cheerfully stating!
伸	shēn	1	to extend	To extend person express sings "Shen!" cheerfully stretching!
神	shén	2	Gods	Gods show express questions "Shen? Divine?" curiously!
果	guǒ	3	Fruit	Fruit field tree bends down drooping saying "Gwoh"!
課	kè	4	Lesson	Lesson words fruit commands "Kuh!" sharply teaching!
顆	kē	1	Granule	Granule fruit page sings "Kuh!" cheerfully tiny!
斤	jīn	1	a Catty	A catty ax sings "Jeen!" cheerfully weighing!
所	suǒ	3	a Place	A place door ax bends down drooping saying "Swoh"!
近	jìn	4	near	Near walk ax commands "Jin!" sharply close!
斬	zhǎn	3	hew	Hew car ax bends down drooping saying "Zhan"!
暫	zhàn	4	temporary	Temporary sun hew commands "Zhan!" sharply brief!
漸	jiàn	4	gradually	Gradually water temporary yells "Jian!" sharply slowly!
質	zhì	2	Quality	Quality ax shellfish questions "Zhi? Grade?" curiously!
斥	chì	4	to reprimand	To reprimand dot ax commands "Chi!" sharply scolding!
訴	sù	4	to accuse	To accuse words reprimand yells "Soo!" sharply charging!
乍	zhà	4	for the first time	For the first time commands "Zha!" sharply initially!
怎	zěn	3	how?	How for first time heart bends down drooping saying "Zen"!
昨	zuó	2	Yesterday	Yesterday sun first time questions "Zwoh? Past?" curiously!
作	zuò	4	to do	To do person first time commands "Zwoh!" sharply making!
雪	xuě	3	the Snow	The snow rain broom bends down drooping saying "Shueh"!
急	jí	2	anxious	Anxious reach heart questions "Ji? Worried?" curiously!
尋	xún	2	to seek	To seek roof claw inch questions "Shun? Looking for?" curiously!
婦	fù	4	Married Woman	Married woman woman broom commands "Foo!" sharply wife!
掃	sǎo	3	to sweep	To sweep hand broom bends down drooping saying "Sao"!
錄	lù	4	to record	To record gold broom commands "Loo!" sharply documenting!
碌	lù	4	commonplace	Commonplace stone record yells "Loo!" sharply ordinary!
爭	zhēng	1	to contend	To contend claw hand sings "Zheng!" cheerfully fighting!
淨	jìng	4	clean	Clean water contend commands "Jing!" sharply purified!
事	shì	4	Matter	Matter hand one commands "Shi!" sharply affair!
唐	táng	2	Tang	Tang wide mouth questions "Tang? Dynasty?" curiously!
糖	táng	2	Sugar	Sugar rice Tang questions "Tang? Sweet?" curiously!
康	kāng	1	hale	Hale roof grain sings "Kang!" cheerfully healthy!
尹	yǐn	3	Overseer	Overseer hand bends down drooping saying "Yin"!
伊	yī	1	Queen Elizabeth	Queen Elizabeth person overseer sings "Yi!" cheerfully regal!
君	jūn	1	Monarch	Monarch mouth overseer sings "June!" cheerfully ruling!
裙	qún	2	Skirt	Skirt clothes monarch questions "Chun? Dress?" curiously!
群	qún	2	Crowd	Crowd sheep monarch questions "Chun? Many?" curiously!
而	ér	2	and	And beard questions "Er? Also?" curiously!
需	xū	1	to need	To need rain and sings "Shyu!" cheerfully requiring!
儒	rú	2	Confucian	Confucian person need questions "Roo? Scholar?" curiously!
瑞	ruì	4	auspicious	Auspicious jade mountain commands "Rway!" sharply lucky!
端	duān	1	upright	Upright stand mountain sings "Dwan!" cheerfully proper!
曲	qū	1	bent	Bent sings "Chu!" cheerfully curved!
斗	dǒu	3	Big Dipper	Big dipper ten bends down drooping saying "Doe"!
料	liào	4	Material	Material rice dipper commands "Liao!" sharply stuff!
科	kē	1	Academic Discipline	Academic discipline grain dipper sings "Kuh!" cheerfully field!
用	yòng	4	to utilize	To utilize door commands "Yong!" sharply using!
深	Shen	1	deep	deep sings "Shen!" cheerfully!
探	Tan	4	a Spy	a Spy commands "Tan!" yells!
丘	Qiu	1	Hill	Hill sings "Qiu!" cheerfully!
兵	Bing	1	Troops	Troops sings "Bing!" cheerfully!
絲	Si	1	Silk	Silk sings "Si!" cheerfully!
線	Xian	4	Line	Line commands "Xian!" yells!
維	Wei	2	to maintain	to maintain questions "Wei? Why?" curiously!
羅	Luo	2	Silk Gauze	Silk Gauze questions "Luo? Why?" curiously!
續	Xu	4	to continue	to continue commands "Xu!" yells!
統	Tong	3	continuum	continuum bends down drooping saying "Tong"!
給	Gei	3	to give	to give bends down drooping saying "Gei"!
結	Jie	2	to tie	to tie questions "Jie? Why?" curiously!
終	Zhong	1	end	end sings "Zhong!" cheerfully!
級	Ji	2	a Rank	a Rank questions "Ji? Why?" curiously!
紀	Ji	4	Epoch	Epoch commands "Ji!" yells!
紅	Hong	2	red	red questions "Hong? Why?" curiously!
約	Yue	1	to make an appointment	to make an appointment sings "Yue!" cheerfully!
細	Xi	4	fine	fine commands "Xi!" yells!
緊	Jin	3	tight	tight bends down drooping saying "Jin"!
織	Zhi	1	to weave	to weave sings "Zhi!" cheerfully!
網	Wang	3	Net	Net bends down drooping saying "Wang"!
綠	Lu	4	green	green commands "Lu!" yells!
彎	Wan	1	curved	curved sings "Wan!" cheerfully!
灣	Wan	1	Bay	Bay sings "Wan!" cheerfully!
戀	Lian	4	to be enamored of	to be enamored of commands "Lian!" yells!
變	Bian	4	to change	to change commands "Bian!" yells!
經	Jing	1	Scripture	Scripture sings "Jing!" cheerfully!
輕	Qing	1	lightweight	lightweight sings "Qing!" cheerfully!
後	Hou	4	behind	behind commands "Hou!" yells!
幾	Ji	3	how many?	how many? bends down drooping saying "Ji"!
機	Ji	1	Machine	Machine sings "Ji!" cheerfully!
斷	Duan	4	to sever	to sever commands "Duan!" yells!
繼	Ji	4	to carry on	to carry on commands "Ji!" yells!
顯	Xian	3	obvious	obvious bends down drooping saying "Xian"!
樂	Yue	4	Music	Music commands "Yue!" yells!
藥	Yao	4	Medicine	Medicine commands "Yao!" yells!
雞	Ji	1	Chicken	Chicken sings "Ji!" cheerfully!
麼	Me	5	[interrogative suffix]; [pause marker]	[interrogative suffix]; [pause marker] says "Me" neutrally!
系	Xi	4	Lineage	Lineage commands "Xi!" yells!
係	Xi	4	related to	related to commands "Xi!" yells!
孫	Sun	1	Grandchild	Grandchild sings "Sun!" cheerfully!
卻	Que	4	to withdraw (retreat, not banks)	to withdraw (retreat, not banks) commands "Que!" yells!
腳	Jiao	3	Foot	Foot bends down drooping saying "Jiao"!
服	Fu	2	Apparel	Apparel questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
命	Ming	4	Fate	Fate commands "Ming!" yells!
留	Liu	2	to stay	to stay questions "Liu? Why?" curiously!
溜	Liu	1	to slide	to slide sings "Liu!" cheerfully!
聊	Liao	2	to chat	to chat questions "Liao? Why?" curiously!
柳	Liu	3	Willow	Willow bends down drooping saying "Liu"!
令	Ling	4	Orders	Orders commands "Ling!" yells!
冷	Leng	3	cold	cold bends down drooping saying "Leng"!
零	Ling	2	zero	zero questions "Ling? Why?" curiously!
領	Ling	3	Collar	Collar bends down drooping saying "Ling"!
通	Tong	1	to communicate	to communicate sings "Tong!" cheerfully!
勇	Yong	3	courageous	courageous bends down drooping saying "Yong"!
犯	Fan	4	Criminal	Criminal commands "Fan!" yells!
危	Wei [普], wei [國]	1	Danger	Danger sings "Wei [普], wei [國]!" cheerfully!
脆	Cui	4	fragile	fragile commands "Cui!" yells!
印	Yin	4	Print	Print commands "Yin!" yells!
興	Xing	4	Excitement	Excitement commands "Xing!" yells!
酒	Jiu	3	Liquor	Liquor bends down drooping saying "Jiu"!
配	Pei	4	to distribute	to distribute commands "Pei!" yells!
酋	Qiu	2	Chieftain	Chieftain questions "Qiu? Why?" curiously!
尊	Zun	1	to venerate	to venerate sings "Zun!" cheerfully!
遵	Zun	1	to abide by	to abide by sings "Zun!" cheerfully!
豆	Dou	4	Beans	Beans commands "Dou!" yells!
頭	Tou	2	Head	Head questions "Tou? Why?" curiously!
短	Duan	3	short	short bends down drooping saying "Duan"!
禮	Li	3	Ceremony	Ceremony bends down drooping saying "Li"!
體	Ti	3	Body	Body bends down drooping saying "Ti"!
鼓	Gu	3	a Drum	a Drum bends down drooping saying "Gu"!
喜	Xi	3	joyful	joyful bends down drooping saying "Xi"!
廚	Chu	2	Kitchen	Kitchen questions "Chu? Why?" curiously!
樹	Shu	4	Timber	Timber commands "Shu!" yells!
血	Xue [普], xie [國]	3	Blood	Blood bends down drooping saying "Xue [普], xie [國]"!
盡	Jin	4	exhausted	exhausted commands "Jin!" yells!
儘	Jin	3	to the utmost	to the utmost bends down drooping saying "Jin"!
蓋	Gai	4	Lid	Lid commands "Gai!" yells!
溫	Wen	1	temperature	temperature sings "Wen!" cheerfully!
監	Jian	1	to supervise	to supervise sings "Jian!" cheerfully!
籃	Lan	2	Basket	Basket questions "Lan? Why?" curiously!
藍	Lan	2	blue	blue questions "Lan? Why?" curiously!
銀	Yin	2	Silver	Silver questions "Yin? Why?" curiously!
跟	Gen	1	Heel	Heel sings "Gen!" cheerfully!
很	Hen	3	very	very bends down drooping saying "Hen"!
根	Gen	1	Root	Root sings "Gen!" cheerfully!
即	Ji	2	immediately	immediately questions "Ji? Why?" curiously!
節	Jie	2	Holiday	Holiday questions "Jie? Why?" curiously!
退	Tui	4	to retreat	to retreat commands "Tui!" yells!
腿	Tui	3	Leg	Leg bends down drooping saying "Tui"!
限	Xian	4	Limit	Limit commands "Xian!" yells!
眼	Yan	3	Eyelet	Eyelet bends down drooping saying "Yan"!
良	Liang	2	high-quality	high-quality questions "Liang? Why?" curiously!
浪	Lang	4	Breakers	Breakers commands "Lang!" yells!
娘	Niang	2	Mom	Mom questions "Niang? Why?" curiously!
食	Shi	2	Food	Food questions "Shi? Why?" curiously!
飯	Fan	4	Meal	Meal commands "Fan!" yells!
餐	Can	1	to dine	to dine sings "Can!" cheerfully!
館	Guan	3	Bldg.	Bldg. bends down drooping saying "Guan"!
養	Yang	3	to raise	to raise bends down drooping saying "Yang"!
既	Ji	4	since	since commands "Ji!" yells!
概	Gai	4	approximate	approximate commands "Gai!" yells!
平	Ping	2	even	even questions "Ping? Why?" curiously!
評	Ping	2	to evaluate	to evaluate questions "Ping? Why?" curiously!
坪	Ping	2	Level Ground	Level Ground questions "Ping? Why?" curiously!
乎	Hu	1	ooh!	ooh! sings "Hu!" cheerfully!
呼	Hu	1	to shout	to shout sings "Hu!" cheerfully!
希	Xi	1	to hope	to hope sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
稀	Xi	1	scarce	scarce sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
學	Xue	2	to study	to study questions "Xue? Why?" curiously!
覺	Jue	2	Senses	Senses questions "Jue? Why?" curiously!
攪	Jiao	3	to stir	to stir bends down drooping saying "Jiao"!
凶	Xiong	1	sinister	sinister sings "Xiong!" cheerfully!
兇	Xiong	1	cruel	cruel sings "Xiong!" cheerfully!
胸	Xiong	1	Bosom	Bosom sings "Xiong!" cheerfully!
離	Li	2	to leave	to leave questions "Li? Why?" curiously!
禽	Qin	2	Fowl	Fowl questions "Qin? Why?" curiously!
辛	Xin	1	peppery	peppery sings "Xin!" cheerfully!
辦	Ban	4	to manage	to manage commands "Ban!" yells!
辯	Bian	4	to dispute	to dispute commands "Bian!" yells!
壁	Bi	4	Partition	Partition commands "Bi!" yells!
避	Bi	4	to evade	to evade commands "Bi!" yells!
新	Xin	1	new	new sings "Xin!" cheerfully!
薪	Xin	1	Fuel	Fuel sings "Xin!" cheerfully!
親	Qin	1	Relatives	Relatives sings "Qin!" cheerfully!
襯	Chen	4	Inner Garments	Inner Garments commands "Chen!" yells!
幸	Xing	4	Good Fortune	Good Fortune commands "Xing!" yells!
執	Zhi	2	to clench	to clench questions "Zhi? Why?" curiously!
報	Bao	4	Newspaper	Newspaper commands "Bao!" yells!
叫	Jiao	4	to call	to call commands "Jiao!" yells!
收	Shou	1	to receive	to receive sings "Shou!" cheerfully!
陸	Lu	4	Land	Land commands "Lu!" yells!
勢	Shi	4	Force	Force commands "Shi!" yells!
熱	Re	4	Heat	Heat commands "Re!" yells!
藝	Yi	4	Technique	Technique commands "Yi!" yells!
亥	Hai	4	Sign Of The Hog	Sign Of The Hog commands "Hai!" yells!
核	He	2	Nucleus	Nucleus questions "He? Why?" curiously!
孩	Hai	2	Tot	Tot questions "Hai? Why?" curiously!
刻	Ke	4	to carve	to carve commands "Ke!" yells!
該	Gai	1	should	should sings "Gai!" cheerfully!
述	Shu	4	to narrate	to narrate commands "Shu!" yells!
術	Shu	4	Art	Art commands "Shu!" yells!
殺	Sha	1	to kill	to kill sings "Sha!" cheerfully!
襄	Xiang	1	to aid	to aid sings "Xiang!" cheerfully!
讓	Rang	4	to yield	to yield commands "Rang!" yells!
壤	Rang	3	Territory	Territory bends down drooping saying "Rang"!
寒	Han	2	frigid	frigid questions "Han? Why?" curiously!
賽	Sai	4	Competition	Competition commands "Sai!" yells!
毒	Du	2	a Poison	a Poison questions "Du? Why?" curiously!
素	Su	4	Vegetarian Diet	Vegetarian Diet commands "Su!" yells!
青	Qing	1	blue or green	blue or green sings "Qing!" cheerfully!
精	Jing	1	refined	refined sings "Jing!" cheerfully!
請	Qing	3	to invite	to invite bends down drooping saying "Qing"!
情	Qing	2	Feelings	Feelings questions "Qing? Why?" curiously!
睛	Jing	1	Eyeball	Eyeball sings "Jing!" cheerfully!
清	Qing	1	pure	pure sings "Qing!" cheerfully!
靜	Jing	4	quiet	quiet commands "Jing!" yells!
責	Ze	2	Responsibility	Responsibility questions "Ze? Why?" curiously!
績	Ji [普], ji [國]	1	Accomplishments	Accomplishments sings "Ji [普], ji [國]!" cheerfully!
積	Ji	1	to accumulate	to accumulate sings "Ji!" cheerfully!
表	Biao	3	Surface	Surface bends down drooping saying "Biao"!
錶	Biao	3	a Watch	a Watch bends down drooping saying "Biao"!
生	Sheng	1	Life	Life sings "Sheng!" cheerfully!
星	Xing	1	Star	Star sings "Xing!" cheerfully!
姓	Xing	4	Surname	Surname commands "Xing!" yells!
性	Xing	4	Sex	Sex commands "Xing!" yells!
害	Hai	4	Harm	Harm commands "Hai!" yells!
割	Ge	1	to cut off	to cut off sings "Ge!" cheerfully!
慧	Hui	4	intelligent	intelligent commands "Hui!" yells!
豐	Feng	1	plentiful	plentiful sings "Feng!" cheerfully!
春	Chun	1	Springtime	Springtime sings "Chun!" cheerfully!
泰	Tai	4	tranquil	tranquil commands "Tai!" yells!
奉	Feng	4	to proffer	to proffer commands "Feng!" yells!
棒	Bang	4	Cudgel	Cudgel commands "Bang!" yells!
勤	Qin	2	diligent	diligent questions "Qin? Why?" curiously!
謹	Jin	3	careful	careful bends down drooping saying "Jin"!
僅	Jin	3	merely	merely bends down drooping saying "Jin"!
漢	Han	4	Han	Han commands "Han!" yells!
難	Nan	2	difficult	difficult questions "Nan? Why?" curiously!
攤	Tan	1	Vendor’s Stand	Vendor’s Stand sings "Tan!" cheerfully!
華	Hua	2	Splendor	Splendor questions "Hua? Why?" curiously!
嘩	Hua	2	Clamor	Clamor questions "Hua? Why?" curiously!
垂	Chui	2	to droop	to droop questions "Chui? Why?" curiously!
錘	Chui	2	Hammer	Hammer questions "Chui? Why?" curiously!
睡	Shui	4	to sleep	to sleep commands "Shui!" yells!
今	Jin	1	now	now sings "Jin!" cheerfully!
含	Han	2	to harbor	to harbor questions "Han? Why?" curiously!
念	Nian	4	to miss	to miss commands "Nian!" yells!
陰	Yin	1	Yin	Yin sings "Yin!" cheerfully!
蔭	Yin	4	shady	shady commands "Yin!" yells!
西	Xi	1	West	West sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
要	Yao	4	want	want commands "Yao!" yells!
腰	Yao	1	Waist	Waist sings "Yao!" cheerfully!
票	Piao	4	Ticket	Ticket commands "Piao!" yells!
漂	Piao	4	to drift	to drift commands "Piao!" yells!
標	Biao	1	a Mark	a Mark sings "Biao!" cheerfully!
賈	Gu	3	Merchant	Merchant bends down drooping saying "Gu"!
價	Jia	4	Price	Price commands "Jia!" yells!
煙	Yan	1	the Smoke	the Smoke sings "Yan!" cheerfully!
南	Nan	2	South	South questions "Nan? Why?" curiously!
門	Men	2	Gate	Gate questions "Men? Why?" curiously!
們	Men	5	[plural]	[plural] says "Men" neutrally!
閒	Xian	2	Leisure	Leisure questions "Xian? Why?" curiously!
問	Wen	4	to ask	to ask commands "Wen!" yells!
間	Jian	1	Interval	Interval sings "Jian!" cheerfully!
簡	Jian	3	simple	simple bends down drooping saying "Jian"!
開	Kai	1	to open	to open sings "Kai!" cheerfully!
聞	Wen	2	to hear	to hear questions "Wen? Why?" curiously!
倉	Cang	1	Storehouse	Storehouse sings "Cang!" cheerfully!
槍	Qiang	1	Gun	Gun sings "Qiang!" cheerfully!
創	Chuang	4	to initiate	to initiate commands "Chuang!" yells!
非	Fei	1	non—	non— sings "Fei!" cheerfully!
排	Pai	2	Row	Row questions "Pai? Why?" curiously!
罪	Zui	4	Guilt	Guilt commands "Zui!" yells!
靠	Kao	4	to lean on	to lean on commands "Kao!" yells!
侯	Hou	2	Marquis	Marquis questions "Hou? Why?" curiously!
候	Hou	4	to wait	to wait commands "Hou!" yells!
決	Jue	2	to decide	to decide questions "Jue? Why?" curiously!
快	Kuai	4	fast	fast commands "Kuai!" yells!
筷	Kuai	4	Chopsticks	Chopsticks commands "Kuai!" yells!
韋	Wei	2	Tanned Hide	Tanned Hide questions "Wei? Why?" curiously!
圍	Wei	2	to surround	to surround questions "Wei? Why?" curiously!
偉	Wei	3	great	great bends down drooping saying "Wei"!
衛	Wei	4	to defend	to defend commands "Wei!" yells!
干	Gan	1	to offend	to offend sings "Gan!" cheerfully!
岸	An	4	Shore	Shore commands "An!" yells!
幹	Gan	4	Trunk (like a tree)	Trunk (like a tree) commands "Gan!" yells!
旱	Han	4	Drought	Drought commands "Han!" yells!
趕	Gan	3	to hurry	to hurry bends down drooping saying "Gan"!
于	Yu	2	Yu	Yu questions "Yu? Why?" curiously!
宇	Yu	3	Eaves	Eaves bends down drooping saying "Yu"!
余	Yu	2	moi	moi questions "Yu? Why?" curiously!
餘	Yu	2	Excess	Excess questions "Yu? Why?" curiously!
除	Chu	2	to eliminate	to eliminate questions "Chu? Why?" curiously!
途	Tu	2	Route	Route questions "Tu? Why?" curiously!
束	Shu	4	to bundle up	to bundle up commands "Shu!" yells!
速	Su	4	quick	quick commands "Su!" yells!
辣	La	4	spicy hot	spicy hot commands "La!" yells!
整	Zheng	3	entire	entire bends down drooping saying "Zheng"!
練	Lian	4	to practice	to practice commands "Lian!" yells!
揀	Jian	3	to opt for	to opt for bends down drooping saying "Jian"!
重	Zhong	4	heavy	heavy commands "Zhong!" yells!
懂	Dong	3	to understand	to understand bends down drooping saying "Dong"!
動	Dong	4	to move	to move commands "Dong!" yells!
種	Zhong	3	Species	Species bends down drooping saying "Zhong"!
衝	Chong	1	to collide	to collide sings "Chong!" cheerfully!
病	Bing	4	Illness	Illness commands "Bing!" yells!
痛	Tong	4	to ache	to ache commands "Tong!" yells!
瘋	Feng	1	insane	insane sings "Feng!" cheerfully!
匹	Pi	1	to match	to match sings "Pi!" cheerfully!
區	Qu	1	Region	Region sings "Qu!" cheerfully!
樞	Shu	1	Hub	Hub sings "Shu!" cheerfully!
歐	Ou	1	Europe	Europe sings "Ou!" cheerfully!
醫	Yi	1	Physician	Physician sings "Yi!" cheerfully!
仰	Yang	3	to look up to	to look up to bends down drooping saying "Yang"!
迎	Ying	2	to greet	to greet questions "Ying? Why?" curiously!
登	Deng	1	to ascend	to ascend sings "Deng!" cheerfully!
燈	Deng	1	Lamp	Lamp sings "Deng!" cheerfully!
證	Zheng	4	Evidence	Evidence commands "Zheng!" yells!
發	Fa	1	to send out	to send out sings "Fa!" cheerfully!
廢	Fei	4	to discard	to discard commands "Fei!" yells!
形	Xing	2	Shape	Shape questions "Xing? Why?" curiously!
影	Ying	3	Shadow	Shadow bends down drooping saying "Ying"!
彩	Cai	3	Hue	Hue bends down drooping saying "Cai"!
須	Xu	1	to have to	to have to sings "Xu!" cheerfully!
珍	Zhen	1	rare	rare sings "Zhen!" cheerfully!
參	Can	1	to participate	to participate sings "Can!" cheerfully!
慘	Can	3	wretched	wretched bends down drooping saying "Can"!
修	Xiu	1	to repair	to repair sings "Xiu!" cheerfully!
文	Wen	2	Literature	Literature questions "Wen? Why?" curiously!
蚊	Wen	2	Mosquito	Mosquito questions "Wen? Why?" curiously!
彥	Yan	4	erudite	erudite commands "Yan!" yells!
顏	Yan	2	Countenance	Countenance questions "Yan? Why?" curiously!
產	Chan	3	Products	Products bends down drooping saying "Chan"!
率	Shuai	4	a Rate	a Rate commands "Shuai!" yells!
摔	Shuai	1	to tumble	to tumble sings "Shuai!" cheerfully!
央	Yang	1	Center	Center sings "Yang!" cheerfully!
英	Ying	1	England	England sings "Ying!" cheerfully!
巴	Ba	1	Crust	Crust sings "Ba!" cheerfully!
把	Ba	3	to grasp	to grasp bends down drooping saying "Ba"!
爸	Ba	4	Papa	Papa commands "Ba!" yells!
吧	Ba	1	Bar	Bar sings "Ba!" cheerfully!
色	Se	4	Color	Color commands "Se!" yells!
絕	Jue	2	to discontinue	to discontinue questions "Jue? Why?" curiously!
甘	Gan	1	sweet	sweet sings "Gan!" cheerfully!
某	Mou	3	such and such	such and such bends down drooping saying "Mou"!
其	Qi	2	his-hers-its-theirs	his-hers-its-theirs questions "Qi? Why?" curiously!
期	Qi [普], qi [國]	1	Period of Time	Period of Time sings "Qi [普], qi [國]!" cheerfully!
基	Ji	1	Base	Base sings "Ji!" cheerfully!
斯	Si	1	Sphinx	Sphinx sings "Si!" cheerfully!
甚	Shen	4	tremendously	tremendously commands "Shen!" yells!
貴	Gui	4	expensive	expensive commands "Gui!" yells!
遺	Yi	2	to bequeath	to bequeath questions "Yi? Why?" curiously!
舞	Wu	3	Dance	Dance bends down drooping saying "Wu"!
無	Wu	2	nothing	nothing questions "Wu? Why?" curiously!
撫	Fu	3	to comfort	to comfort bends down drooping saying "Fu"!
且	Qie	3	moreover	moreover bends down drooping saying "Qie"!
姐	Jie	3	Older Sister	Older Sister bends down drooping saying "Jie"!
組	Zu	3	Group	Group bends down drooping saying "Zu"!
祖	Zu	3	Ancestor	Ancestor bends down drooping saying "Zu"!
助	Zhu	4	to assist	to assist commands "Zhu!" yells!
並	Bing	4	side by side	side by side commands "Bing!" yells!
普	Pu	3	universal	universal bends down drooping saying "Pu"!
業	Ye	4	Profession	Profession commands "Ye!" yells!
對	Dui	4	that’s right	that’s right commands "Dui!" yells!
共	Gong	4	together	together commands "Gong!" yells!
供	Gong	1	Supply	Supply sings "Gong!" cheerfully!
異	Yi	4	different	different commands "Yi!" yells!
巷	Xiang	4	Lane	Lane commands "Xiang!" yells!
港	Gang	3	Port	Port bends down drooping saying "Gang"!
選	Xuan	3	to choose	to choose bends down drooping saying "Xuan"!
井	Jing	3	a Well	a Well bends down drooping saying "Jing"!
亞	Ya [普], ya [國]	3	Asia	Asia bends down drooping saying "Ya [普], ya [國]"!
惡	E	4	Evil	Evil commands "E!" yells!
角	Jiao	3	Angle	Angle bends down drooping saying "Jiao"!
解	Jie	3	to untie	to untie bends down drooping saying "Jie"!
嘴	Zui	3	Orifice	Orifice bends down drooping saying "Zui"!
再	Zai	4	once more	once more commands "Zai!" yells!
稱	Cheng	1	to weigh	to weigh sings "Cheng!" cheerfully!
講	Jiang	3	to lecture	to lecture bends down drooping saying "Jiang"!
構	Gou	4	to frame	to frame commands "Gou!" yells!
扁	Bian	3	flat	flat bends down drooping saying "Bian"!
篇	Pian	1	Piece of Writing	Piece of Writing sings "Pian!" cheerfully!
編	Bian	1	to compile	to compile sings "Bian!" cheerfully!
論	Lun	4	Theory	Theory commands "Lun!" yells!
輪	Lun	2	Wheel	Wheel questions "Lun? Why?" curiously!
典	Dian	3	Canon	Canon bends down drooping saying "Dian"!
氏	Shi	4	Family Name	Family Name commands "Shi!" yells!
紙	Zhi	3	Paper	Paper bends down drooping saying "Zhi"!
昏	Hun	1	Dusk	Dusk sings "Hun!" cheerfully!
婚	Hun	1	Marriage	Marriage sings "Hun!" cheerfully!
低	Di	1	low	low sings "Di!" cheerfully!
底	Di	3	Bottom	Bottom bends down drooping saying "Di"!
民	Min	2	People	People questions "Min? Why?" curiously!
眠	Mian	2	the Slumber	the Slumber questions "Mian? Why?" curiously!
甫	Fu	3	Fu3	Fu3 bends down drooping saying "Fu"!
補	Bu	3	to patch	to patch bends down drooping saying "Bu"!
博	Bo	2	knowledgeable	knowledgeable questions "Bo? Why?" curiously!
搏	Bo	2	to wrestle	to wrestle questions "Bo? Why?" curiously!
都	Du	1	Metropolis	Metropolis sings "Du!" cheerfully!
部	Bu	4	Department	Department commands "Bu!" yells!
郎	Lang	2	Young Man	Young Man questions "Lang? Why?" curiously!
鄉	Xiang	1	Countryside	Countryside sings "Xiang!" cheerfully!
響	Xiang	3	an Echo	an Echo bends down drooping saying "Xiang"!
段	Duan	4	Section	Section commands "Duan!" yells!
鍛	Duan	4	to forge	to forge commands "Duan!" yells!
幻	Huan	4	unreal	unreal commands "Huan!" yells!
司	Si	1	to take charge of	to take charge of sings "Si!" cheerfully!
詞	Ci	2	Word	Word questions "Ci? Why?" curiously!
舟	Zhou	1	Boat	Boat sings "Zhou!" cheerfully!
船	Chuan	2	Ship	Ship questions "Chuan? Why?" curiously!
般	Ban	1	the Sort	the Sort sings "Ban!" cheerfully!
盤	Pan	2	Tray	Tray questions "Pan? Why?" curiously!
搬	Ban	1	to relocate	to relocate sings "Ban!" cheerfully!
瓜	Gua	1	Melon	Melon sings "Gua!" cheerfully!
孤	Gu	1	Orphan	Orphan sings "Gu!" cheerfully!
益	Yi	4	a Benefit	a Benefit commands "Yi!" yells!
假	Jia	4	Vacation	Vacation commands "Jia!" yells!
蝦	Xia	1	Shrimp	Shrimp sings "Xia!" cheerfully!
氣	Qi	4	Air	Air commands "Qi!" yells!
汽	Qi	4	Vapor	Vapor commands "Qi!" yells!
飛	Fei	1	to fly	to fly sings "Fei!" cheerfully!
面	Mian	4	face-to-face	face-to-face commands "Mian!" yells!
麵	Mian	4	Noodles	Noodles commands "Mian!" yells!
革	Ge	2	Leather	Leather questions "Ge? Why?" curiously!
鞋	Xie	2	Shoes	Shoes questions "Xie? Why?" curiously!
馨	Xin	1	fragrant	fragrant sings "Xin!" cheerfully!
聲	Sheng	1	Voice	Voice sings "Sheng!" cheerfully!
吳	Wu	2	Wu	Wu questions "Wu? Why?" curiously!
娛	Yu	2	Amusement	Amusement questions "Yu? Why?" curiously!
誤	Wu	4	Error	Error commands "Wu!" yells!
承	Cheng	2	to undertake （not like a cemetery）	to undertake （not like a cemetery） questions "Cheng? Why?" curiously!
蒸	Zheng	1	to steam	to steam sings "Zheng!" cheerfully!
牙	Ya	2	Tooth	Tooth questions "Ya? Why?" curiously!
穿	Chuan	1	to pass through	to pass through sings "Chuan!" cheerfully!
呀	Ya	5	wow!	wow! says "Ya" neutrally!
釋	Shi	4	to explain	to explain commands "Shi!" yells!
番	Fan	1	a Try	a Try sings "Fan!" cheerfully!
翻	Fan	1	to turn over	to turn over sings "Fan!" cheerfully!
播	Bo [普], bo [國]	1	to broadcast	to broadcast sings "Bo [普], bo [國]!" cheerfully!
毛	Mao	2	Fur	Fur questions "Mao? Why?" curiously!
尾	Wei	3	Tail	Tail bends down drooping saying "Wei"!
宅	Zhai	2	a Dwelling	a Dwelling questions "Zhai? Why?" curiously!
託	Tuo	1	to entrust	to entrust sings "Tuo!" cheerfully!
為	Wei	4	to act	to act commands "Wei!" yells!
偽	Wei [普], wei [國]	3	bogus	bogus bends down drooping saying "Wei [普], wei [國]"!
長	Chang	2	long	long questions "Chang? Why?" curiously!
張	Zhang	1	to stretch	to stretch sings "Zhang!" cheerfully!
漲	Zhang	4	to swell	to swell commands "Zhang!" yells!
套	Tao	4	a Cover	a Cover commands "Tao!" yells!
髮	Fa [普], fa [國]	3	Hair of the Head	Hair of the Head bends down drooping saying "Fa [普], fa [國]"!
展	Zhan	3	to unfold	to unfold bends down drooping saying "Zhan"!
喪	Sang	4	Funeral	Funeral commands "Sang!" yells!
雁	Yan	4	Wild Goose	Wild Goose commands "Yan!" yells!
應	Ying	1	ought to	ought to sings "Ying!" cheerfully!
鳥	Niao	3	Bird	Bird bends down drooping saying "Niao"!
鷹	Ying	1	Hawk	Hawk sings "Ying!" cheerfully!
鴨	Ya	1	Duck	Duck sings "Ya!" cheerfully!
島	Dao	3	Island	Island bends down drooping saying "Dao"!
遇	Yu	4	to encounter	to encounter commands "Yu!" yells!
萬	Wan	4	ten thousand	ten thousand commands "Wan!" yells!
邁	Mai	4	to stride	to stride commands "Mai!" yells!
岡	Gang	1	Ridge of a Hill	Ridge of a Hill sings "Gang!" cheerfully!
剛	Gang	1	just now	just now sings "Gang!" cheerfully!
缺	Que	1	deficient	deficient sings "Que!" cheerfully!
寶	Bao	3	Treasure	Treasure bends down drooping saying "Bao"!
遙	Yao	2	remote	remote questions "Yao? Why?" curiously!
搖	Yao	2	to shake	to shake questions "Yao? Why?" curiously!
兔	Tu	4	Rabbit	Rabbit commands "Tu!" yells!
逸	Yi	4	to flee	to flee commands "Yi!" yells!
免	Mian	3	to avoid	to avoid bends down drooping saying "Mian"!
晚	Wan	3	Nightfall	Nightfall bends down drooping saying "Wan"!
象	Xiang	4	Elephant	Elephant commands "Xiang!" yells!
像	Xiang	4	Likeness	Likeness commands "Xiang!" yells!
馬	Ma	3	Horse	Horse bends down drooping saying "Ma"!
媽	Ma	1	Mama	Mama sings "Ma!" cheerfully!
罵	Ma	4	to scold	to scold commands "Ma!" yells!
嗎	Ma	5	yes or no	yes or no says "Ma" neutrally!
驗	Yan	4	to check	to check commands "Yan!" yells!
騎	Qi	2	to ride	to ride questions "Qi? Why?" curiously!
驚	Jing	1	startled	startled sings "Jing!" cheerfully!
虎	Hu	3	Tiger	Tiger bends down drooping saying "Hu"!
慮	Lu	4	to ponder	to ponder commands "Lu!" yells!
處	Chu	4	Location	Location commands "Chu!" yells!
戲	Xi	4	to frolic	to frolic commands "Xi!" yells!
劇	Ju	4	Drama	Drama commands "Ju!" yells!
據	Ju	4	Certificate	Certificate commands "Ju!" yells!
鹿	Lu	4	Deer	Deer commands "Lu!" yells!
塵	Chen	2	Dust	Dust questions "Chen? Why?" curiously!
麗	Li	4	lovely	lovely commands "Li!" yells!
熊	Xiong	2	Bear	Bear questions "Xiong? Why?" curiously!
能	Neng	2	Ability	Ability questions "Neng? Why?" curiously!
態	Tai	4	Attitude	Attitude commands "Tai!" yells!
寅	Yin	2	Sign Of The Tiger	Sign Of The Tiger questions "Yin? Why?" curiously!
演	Yan	3	to perform	to perform bends down drooping saying "Yan"!
辰	Chen	2	Sign Of The Dragon	Sign Of The Dragon questions "Chen? Why?" curiously!
晨	Chen	2	Morning	Morning questions "Chen? Why?" curiously!
農	Nong	2	Agriculture	Agriculture questions "Nong? Why?" curiously!
濃	Nong	2	concentrated	concentrated questions "Nong? Why?" curiously!
送	Song	4	to deliver	to deliver commands "Song!" yells!
鬼	Gui	3	Ghost	Ghost bends down drooping saying "Gui"!
魔	Mo	2	Demon	Demon questions "Mo? Why?" curiously!
塊	Kuai	4	Lump	Lump commands "Kuai!" yells!
龍	Long	2	Dragon	Dragon questions "Long? Why?" curiously!
襲	Xi	2	to raid	to raid questions "Xi? Why?" curiously!
兒	Er	2	Youngster	Youngster questions "Er? Why?" curiously!
舊	Jiu	4	old	old commands "Jiu!" yells!
寫	Xie	3	to write	to write bends down drooping saying "Xie"!
瀉	Xie	4	Diarrhea	Diarrhea commands "Xie!" yells!
兩	Liang	3	dos	dos bends down drooping saying "Liang"!
倆	Lia	3	Duo	Duo bends down drooping saying "Lia"!
滿	Man	3	full	full bends down drooping saying "Man"!
爾	Er	3	you  [literary]	you  [literary] bends down drooping saying "Er"!
彌	Mi	2	to fill	to fill questions "Mi? Why?" curiously!
虛	Xu	1	false	false sings "Xu!" cheerfully!
聯	Lian	2	to unite	to unite questions "Lian? Why?" curiously!
關	Guan	1	to shut	to shut sings "Guan!" cheerfully!
那	Na	4	that	that commands "Na!" yells!
哪	Na	3	which?	which? bends down drooping saying "Na"!
巫	Wu [普], wu [國]	1	Witch	Witch sings "Wu [普], wu [國]!" cheerfully!
靈	Ling	2	Spirit	Spirit questions "Ling? Why?" curiously!
縣	Xian	4	County	County commands "Xian!" yells!
懸	Xuan	2	to suspend	to suspend questions "Xuan? Why?" curiously!
與	Yu	3	to offer	to offer bends down drooping saying "Yu"!
舉	Ju	3	to lift up	to lift up bends down drooping saying "Ju"!
腦	Nao	3	Brain	Brain bends down drooping saying "Nao"!
惱	Nao	3	Annoyed	Annoyed bends down drooping saying "Nao"!
專	Zhuan	1	Specialty	Specialty sings "Zhuan!" cheerfully!
傳	Chuan	2	to spread	to spread questions "Chuan? Why?" curiously!
轉	Zhuan	4	to rotate	to rotate commands "Zhuan!" yells!
團	Tuan	2	Troupe	Troupe questions "Tuan? Why?" curiously!
黃	Huang	2	yellow	yellow questions "Huang? Why?" curiously!
廣	Guang	3	extensive	extensive bends down drooping saying "Guang"!
橫	Heng	2	horizontal	horizontal questions "Heng? Why?" curiously!
窗	Chuang	1	Window	Window sings "Chuang!" cheerfully!
總	Zong	3	general	general bends down drooping saying "Zong"!
詹	Zhan	1	verbose	verbose sings "Zhan!" cheerfully!
擔	Dan	4	to assume (responsibility over)	to assume (responsibility over) commands "Dan!" yells!
數	Shu	4	Number	Number commands "Shu!" yells!
樓	Lou	2	Multistory Building	Multistory Building questions "Lou? Why?" curiously!
獨	Du	2	alone	alone questions "Du? Why?" curiously!
屬	Shu	3	to belong to	to belong to bends down drooping saying "Shu"!
爛	Lan	4	spoiled	spoiled commands "Lan!" yells!
蘭	Lan	2	Orchid	Orchid questions "Lan? Why?" curiously!
從	Cong	2	to follow	to follow questions "Cong? Why?" curiously!
縱	Zong	4	vertical	vertical commands "Zong!" yells!
齊	Qi	2	identical	identical questions "Qi? Why?" curiously!
濟	Ji	4	to relieve (of ailments)	to relieve (of ailments) commands "Ji!" yells!
丑	Chou	3	Clown	Clown bends down drooping saying "Chou"!
扭	Niu	3	to twist	to twist bends down drooping saying "Niu"!
卑	Bei	1	lowly	lowly sings "Bei!" cheerfully!
牌	Pai	2	a Brand (Trademark)	a Brand (Trademark) questions "Pai? Why?" curiously!
號	Hao	4	Appellation	Appellation commands "Hao!" yells!
怪	Guai	4	peculiar	peculiar commands "Guai!" yells!
赤	Chi	4	crimson	crimson commands "Chi!" yells!
亦	Yi	4	likewise	likewise commands "Yi!" yells!
極	Ji	2	Extreme	Extreme questions "Ji? Why?" curiously!
雜	Za	2	miscellaneous	miscellaneous questions "Za? Why?" curiously!
曰	Yue	1	sayeth	sayeth sings "Yue!" cheerfully!
亂	Luan	4	Chaos	Chaos commands "Luan!" yells!
叭	Ba	1	trumpet	trumpet sings "Ba!" cheerfully!
咕	Gu	1	mutter	mutter sings "Gu!" cheerfully!
咱	Zan	2	we (inclusive)	we (inclusive) questions "Zan? Why?" curiously!
串	Chuan	4	string together	string together commands "Chuan!" yells!
罩	Zhao	4	overspread	overspread commands "Zhao!" yells!
囂	Xiao	1	hubbub	hubbub sings "Xiao!" cheerfully!
顛	Dian	1	invert	invert sings "Dian!" cheerfully!
叨	Dao	1	talkative	talkative sings "Dao!" cheerfully!
刮	Gua	1	scrape	scrape sings "Gua!" cheerfully!
盯	Ding	1	stare at	stare at sings "Ding!" cheerfully!
呵	Ā	5	rebuke	rebuke says "Ā" neutrally!
姦	Jian	1	adultery	adultery sings "Jian!" cheerfully!
嬰	Ying	1	baby	baby sings "Ying!" cheerfully!
姑	Gu	1	father's sister	father's sister sings "Gu!" cheerfully!
姆	Mu	3	nanny	nanny bends down drooping saying "Mu"!
兢	Jing	1	cautious	cautious sings "Jing!" cheerfully!
碩	Shuo	4	big	big commands "Shuo!" yells!
砌	Qi	4	lay brick	lay brick commands "Qi!" yells!
哨	Shao	4	whistle	whistle commands "Shao!" yells!
晃	Huang	4	sway	sway commands "Huang!" yells!
泊	Bo	2	moor	moor questions "Bo? Why?" curiously!
汰	Tai	4	get rid of	get rid of commands "Tai!" yells!
沾	Zhan	1	soak	soak sings "Zhan!" cheerfully!
渺	Miao	3	insignificant	insignificant bends down drooping saying "Miao"!
腺	Xian	4	gland	gland commands "Xian!" yells!
坦	Tan	3	level	level bends down drooping saying "Tan"!
娃	Wa	2	newborn	newborn questions "Wa? Why?" curiously!
涯	Ya	2	bank	bank questions "Ya? Why?" curiously!
吋	Cun	4	inch	inch commands "Cun!" yells!
肘	Zhou	3	elbow	elbow bends down drooping saying "Zhou"!
灼	Zhuo	2	scorch	scorch questions "Zhuo? Why?" curiously!
炒	Chao	3	stir-fry	stir-fry bends down drooping saying "Chao"!
澆	Jiao	1	sprinkle	sprinkle sings "Jiao!" cheerfully!
哩	Li	3	mile	mile bends down drooping saying "Li"!
鯉	Li	3	carp	carp bends down drooping saying "Li"!
嘿	Hei	1	Hey!	Hey! sings "Hei!" cheerfully!
丹	Dan	1	cinnabar red	cinnabar red sings "Dan!" cheerfully!
喧	Xuan	1	boisterous	boisterous sings "Xuan!" cheerfully!
賓	Bin	1	visitor	visitor sings "Bin!" cheerfully!
濱	Bin	1	water's edge	water's edge sings "Bin!" cheerfully!
寡	Gua	3	widowed	widowed bends down drooping saying "Gua"!
棚	Peng	2	shed	shed questions "Peng? Why?" curiously!
柏	Bai	3	cypress	cypress bends down drooping saying "Bai"!
槓	Gang	4	thick stick	thick stick commands "Gang!" yells!
朵	Duo	5	flouds	flouds says "Duo" neutrally!
杜	Du	4	prevent	prevent commands "Du!" yells!
桂	Gui	4	cassia-bark tree	cassia-bark tree commands "Gui!" yells!
椅	Yi	3	chair	chair bends down drooping saying "Yi"!
杰	Jie	2	hero	hero questions "Jie? Why?" curiously!
櫻	Ying	1	cherry	cherry sings "Ying!" cheerfully!
梢	Shao	1	treetops	treetops sings "Shao!" cheerfully!
桐	Tong	2	paulownia	paulownia questions "Tong? Why?" curiously!
宋	Song	4	Song (like the dynasty)	Song (like the dynasty) commands "Song!" yells!
淋	Lin	2	drench	drench questions "Lin? Why?" curiously!
焚	Fen	2	burn	burn questions "Fen? Why?" curiously!
昧	Mei	4	obscure	obscure commands "Mei!" yells!
朱	Zhu	1	vermillion	vermillion sings "Zhu!" cheerfully!
株	Zhu	1	tree trunk	tree trunk sings "Zhu!" cheerfully!
樑	Liang	2	roof beam	roof beam questions "Liang? Why?" curiously!
碟	Die	2	saucer	saucer questions "Die? Why?" curiously!
萌	Meng	2	bud	bud questions "Meng? Why?" curiously!
苛	Ke	1	exacting	exacting sings "Ke!" cheerfully!
膜	Mo	2	membrane	membrane questions "Mo? Why?" curiously!
寞	Mo	4	solitary	solitary commands "Mo!" yells!
暮	Mu	4	sunset	sunset commands "Mu!" yells!
燃	Ran	2	ignite	ignite questions "Ran? Why?" curiously!
咒	Zhou	4	curse	curse commands "Zhou!" yells!
獸	Shou	4	beast	beast commands "Shou!" yells!
狸	Li	2	raccoon dog	raccoon dog questions "Li? Why?" curiously!
嗅	Xiu	4	sniff	sniff commands "Xiu!" yells!
牡	Mu	3	dude	dude bends down drooping saying "Mu"!
牢	Lao	2	jail	jail questions "Lao? Why?" curiously!
贊	Zan	4	succor	succor commands "Zan!" yells!
舍	She	4	abode	abode commands "She!" yells!
啥	Sha	2	wha?	wha? questions "Sha? Why?" curiously!
洽	Qia	4	in agreement	in agreement commands "Qia!" yells!
旺	Wang	4	thriving	thriving commands "Wang!" yells!
碧	Bi	4	green jade	green jade commands "Bi!" yells!
汪	Wang	1	tearful	tearful sings "Wang!" cheerfully!
枉	Wang	3	crooked	crooked bends down drooping saying "Wang"!
珠	Zhu	1	pearl	pearl sings "Zhu!" cheerfully!
噩	È	5	shocking	shocking says "È" neutrally!
鱷	È	5	crocodile	crocodile says "È" neutrally!
鬥	Dou	4	fight	fight commands "Dou!" yells!
栓	Shuan	1	plug	plug sings "Shuan!" cheerfully!
柱	Zhu	4	pillar	pillar commands "Zhu!" yells!
鉤	Gou	1	hook	hook sings "Gou!" cheerfully!
鈔	Chao	1	paper money	paper money sings "Chao!" cheerfully!
銷	Xiao	1	put up for sale	put up for sale sings "Xiao!" cheerfully!
鎖	Suo	3	lock	lock bends down drooping saying "Suo"!
鑽	Zuan	1	drill	drill sings "Zuan!" cheerfully!
迫	Po	4	compel	compel commands "Po!" yells!
逼	Bi	1	press (like coerce)	press (like coerce) sings "Bi!" cheerfully!
逃	Tao	2	escape	escape questions "Tao? Why?" curiously!
逞	Cheng	3	flaunt	flaunt bends down drooping saying "Cheng"!
轟	Hong	1	rumble	rumble sings "Hong!" cheerfully!
軌	Gui	3	rails	rails bends down drooping saying "Gui"!
軋	Ya	4	flatten	flatten commands "Ya!" yells!
輻	Fu	2	spokes	spokes questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
煎	Jian	1	sauté	sauté sings "Jian!" cheerfully!
喻	Yu	4	figure of speech	figure of speech commands "Yu!" yells!
榆	Yu	2	elm	elm questions "Yu? Why?" curiously!
略	È	5	abbreviation	abbreviation says "È" neutrally!
暈	Yun	1	dizzy	dizzy sings "Yun!" cheerfully!
渾	Hun	2	muddled	muddled questions "Hun? Why?" curiously!
膏	Gao	1	ointment	ointment sings "Gao!" cheerfully!
亨	Heng	1	go smoothly	go smoothly sings "Heng!" cheerfully!
哼	Heng	1	hum	hum sings "Heng!" cheerfully!
淳	Chun	2	honest	honest questions "Chun? Why?" curiously!
鯨	Jing	1	whale	whale sings "Jing!" cheerfully!
贖	Shu	2	redeem	redeem questions "Shu? Why?" curiously!
晝	Zhou	4	daylight	daylight commands "Zhou!" yells!
津	Jin	1	Tianjin	Tianjin sings "Jin!" cheerfully!
釐	Li	2	smidgen	smidgen questions "Li? Why?" curiously!
枚	Mei	2	small objects	small objects questions "Mei? Why?" curiously!
牧	Mu	4	herd	herd commands "Mu!" yells!
玫	Mei	2	rose	rose questions "Mei? Why?" curiously!
敦	Dun	1	candid	candid sings "Dun!" cheerfully!
諾	Nuo	4	promise	promise commands "Nuo!" yells!
謂	Wei	4	meaning	meaning commands "Wei!" yells!
詢	Xun	2	inquire	inquire questions "Xun? Why?" curiously!
罰	Fa	2	penalize	penalize questions "Fa? Why?" curiously!
訂	Ding	4	place an order	place an order commands "Ding!" yells!
詠	Yong	3	chant	chant bends down drooping saying "Yong"!
諜	Die	2	espionage	espionage questions "Die? Why?" curiously!
註	Zhu	4	annotate	annotate commands "Zhu!" yells!
諒	Liang	4	forgive	forgive commands "Liang!" yells!
讚	Zan	4	praise	praise commands "Zan!" yells!
貳	Èr	5	II	II says "Èr" neutrally!
膩	Ni	4	sick and tired of	sick and tired of commands "Ni!" yells!
洩	Xie	4	discharge	discharge commands "Xie!" yells!
划	Hua	2	paddle	paddle questions "Hua? Why?" curiously!
嘎	Ga	2	caw	caw questions "Ga? Why?" curiously!
域	Yu	4	domain	domain commands "Yu!" yells!
栽	Zai	1	sow	sow sings "Zai!" cheerfully!
戚	Qi	5	kin	kin says "Qi" neutrally!
蔑	Mie	4	despise	despise commands "Mie!" yells!
喊	Han	3	yell	yell bends down drooping saying "Han"!
濺	Jian	4	splatter	splatter commands "Jian!" yells!
址	Zhi	3	address	address bends down drooping saying "Zhi"!
澀	Se	4	astringent	astringent commands "Se!" yells!
蘋	Ping	2	apple	apple questions "Ping? Why?" curiously!
赴	Fu	4	go to	go to commands "Fu!" yells!
趟	Tang	4	trip	trip commands "Tang!" yells!
堤	Ti2	5	dike	dike says "Ti2" neutrally!
鍵	Jian	4	keyboard keys	keyboard keys commands "Jian!" yells!
婿	Xu	4	son-in-law	son-in-law commands "Xu!" yells!
裁	Cai	2	tailor	tailor questions "Cai? Why?" curiously!
襪	Wa	4	socks	socks commands "Wa!" yells!
滾	Gun	3	trundle	trundle bends down drooping saying "Gun"!
衰	Shuai	1	decline	decline sings "Shuai!" cheerfully!
衷	Zhong	1	innermost feelings	innermost feelings sings "Zhong!" cheerfully!
禪	Dan	1	meditation	meditation sings "Dan!" cheerfully!
猿	Yuan	2	ape	ape questions "Yuan? Why?" curiously!
吊	Diao	4	dangle	dangle commands "Diao!" yells!
帕	Pa	4	handkerchief	handkerchief commands "Pa!" yells!
帖	Tie	1	note	note sings "Tie!" cheerfully!
帆	Fan	1	sail	sail sings "Fan!" cheerfully!
幅	Fu	2	width of cloth	width of cloth questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
錦	Jin	3	brocade	brocade bends down drooping saying "Jin"!
沛	Pei	4	copious	copious commands "Pei!" yells!
柿	Shi	4	persimmon	persimmon commands "Shi!" yells!
鬧	Nao	4	stir up trouble	stir up trouble commands "Nao!" yells!
棘	Ji	2	thorn bushes	thorn bushes questions "Ji? Why?" curiously!
棗	Zao	3	jujube	jujube bends down drooping saying "Zao"!
蕾	Lei	3	flower bud	flower bud bends down drooping saying "Lei"!
吞	Tun	1	gulp down	gulp down sings "Tun!" cheerfully!
妖	Yao	1	bewitching	bewitching sings "Yao!" cheerfully!
沃	Wo	4	fertile	fertile commands "Wo!" yells!
轎	Jiao	4	sedan chair	sedan chair commands "Jiao!" yells!
垃	La	1	garbage	garbage sings "La!" cheerfully!
啼	Ti	2	weep aloud	weep aloud questions "Ti? Why?" curiously!
蒂	Di	4	fruit stem	fruit stem commands "Di!" yells!
滴	Di	1	drip	drip sings "Di!" cheerfully!
頃	Qing	3	100 Chinese acres	100 Chinese acres bends down drooping saying "Qing"!
匙	Shi	5	spoon	spoon says "Shi" neutrally!
乖	Guai	1	well-behaved	well-behaved sings "Guai!" cheerfully!
乘	Cheng	2	hitch a ride	hitch a ride questions "Cheng? Why?" curiously!
剩	Sheng	4	leftover	leftover commands "Sheng!" yells!
棍	Gun	4	club	club commands "Gun!" yells!
諧	Xie	2	in accord	in accord questions "Xie? Why?" curiously!
柴	Chai	2	firewood	firewood questions "Chai? Why?" curiously!
敏	Min	3	quick-witted	quick-witted bends down drooping saying "Min"!
霉	Mei	2	mildew	mildew questions "Mei? Why?" curiously!
迄	Qi	4	so far	so far commands "Qi!" yells!
砍	Kan	3	chop	chop bends down drooping saying "Kan"!
坎	Kan	3	hump	hump bends down drooping saying "Kan"!
炊	Chui	1	cook	cook sings "Chui!" cheerfully!
欽	Qin	1	think highly of	think highly of sings "Qin!" cheerfully!
剖	Pou	1	cut open	cut open sings "Pou!" cheerfully!
菩	Pu	2	bodhisattva	bodhisattva questions "Pu? Why?" curiously!
芒	Mang	2	mango	mango questions "Mang? Why?" curiously!
荒	Huang	1	wasteland	wasteland sings "Huang!" cheerfully!
謊	Huang	3	lie	lie bends down drooping saying "Huang"!
茫	Mang	2	boundless	boundless questions "Mang? Why?" curiously!
贏	Ying	2	win	win questions "Ying? Why?" curiously!
訊	Xun	4	interrogate	interrogate commands "Xun!" yells!
坊	Fang	2	workshop	workshop questions "Fang? Why?" curiously!
芳	Fang	1	aromatic	aromatic sings "Fang!" cheerfully!
訪	Fang	3	call on	call on bends down drooping saying "Fang"!
熬	Áo	5	stew	stew says "Áo" neutrally!
菸	Yan	1	tobacco	tobacco sings "Yan!" cheerfully!
榜	Bang	3	roster	roster bends down drooping saying "Bang"!
磅	Bang	4	pound	pound commands "Bang!" yells!
膀	Bang	3	upper arm	upper arm bends down drooping saying "Bang"!
銳	Rui	4	sharp	sharp commands "Rui!" yells!
虹	Hong	2	rainbow	rainbow questions "Hong? Why?" curiously!
蝠	Fu	2	bat	bat questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
蛙	Wa	1	frog	frog sings "Wa!" cheerfully!
蝗	Huang	2	locust	locust questions "Huang? Why?" curiously!
蟬	Chan	2	cicada	cicada questions "Chan? Why?" curiously!
楓	Feng	1	maple	maple sings "Feng!" cheerfully!
胞	Bao	1	placenta	placenta sings "Bao!" cheerfully!
炮	Pao	4	fireworks	fireworks commands "Pao!" yells!
袍	Pao	2	robe	robe questions "Pao? Why?" curiously!
雹	Bao	2	hail	hail questions "Bao? Why?" curiously!
逐	Zhu	2	pursue	pursue questions "Zhu? Why?" curiously!
遂	Sui	4	satisfy	satisfy commands "Sui!" yells!
蒙	Meng	2	Mongolia	Mongolia questions "Meng? Why?" curiously!
朦	Meng	2	dim	dim questions "Meng? Why?" curiously!
豪	Hao	2	unrestrained	unrestrained questions "Hao? Why?" curiously!
啄	Zhuo	2	peck	peck questions "Zhuo? Why?" curiously!
琢	Zuo	2	chisel	chisel questions "Zuo? Why?" curiously!
嫁	Jia	4	marry	marry commands "Jia!" yells!
腸	Chang	2	intestines	intestines questions "Chang? Why?" curiously!
楊	Yang	2	poplar	poplar questions "Yang? Why?" curiously!
燙	Tang	4	scald	scald commands "Tang!" yells!
蕩	Dang	4	licentious	licentious commands "Dang!" yells!
詳	Xiang	2	detailed	detailed questions "Xiang? Why?" curiously!
羨	Xian	4	envy	envy commands "Xian!" yells!
唯	Wei	2	soley	soley questions "Wei? Why?" curiously!
堆	Dui	1	pile	pile sings "Dui!" cheerfully!
焦	Jiao	1	apprehensive	apprehensive sings "Jiao!" cheerfully!
瞧	Qiao	2	lay eyes on	lay eyes on questions "Qiao? Why?" curiously!
礁	Jiao	1	reef	reef sings "Jiao!" cheerfully!
蕉	Jiao	1	banana	banana sings "Jiao!" cheerfully!
雕	Diao	1	sculpture	sculpture sings "Diao!" cheerfully!
截	Jie	2	lop off	lop off questions "Jie? Why?" curiously!
准	Zhun	3	allow	allow bends down drooping saying "Zhun"!
雀	Que	4	sparrow	sparrow commands "Que!" yells!
霍	Huo	4	all at once	all at once commands "Huo!" yells!
奮	Fen	4	exert oneself	exert oneself commands "Fen!" yells!
奪	Duo	2	take by force	take by force questions "Duo? Why?" curiously!
翹	Qiao	4	turn upward	turn upward commands "Qiao!" yells!
塌	Ta	1	fall down	fall down sings "Ta!" cheerfully!
翰	Han	4	writing brush	writing brush commands "Han!" yells!
咽	Yan	4	throat	throat commands "Yan!" yells!
姻	Yin	1	in-law	in-law sings "Yin!" cheerfully!
廟	Miao	4	temple	temple commands "Miao!" yells!
廂	Xiang	1	side room	side room sings "Xiang!" cheerfully!
嘛	Ma	5	(pause marker)	(pause marker) says "Ma" neutrally!
磨	Mo	2	grind	grind questions "Mo? Why?" curiously!
廈	Sha	4	skyscraper	skyscraper commands "Sha!" yells!
廁	Ce	4	toilet	toilet commands "Ce!" yells!
悟	Wu	4	realize	realize commands "Wu!" yells!
忠	Zhong	1	loyal	loyal sings "Zhong!" cheerfully!
悼	Dao	4	mourn	mourn commands "Dao!" yells!
慎	Shen	4	prudent	prudent commands "Shen!" yells!
恕	Shu	4	pardon	pardon commands "Shu!" yells!
悄	Qiao	1	noiseless	noiseless sings "Qiao!" cheerfully!
恍	Huang	3	all of a sudden	all of a sudden bends down drooping saying "Huang"!
惰	Duo	4	indolent	indolent commands "Duo!" yells!
恢	Hui	1	immense	immense sings "Hui!" cheerfully!
恆	Heng	2	permanent	permanent questions "Heng? Why?" curiously!
慕	Mu	4	admire	admire commands "Mu!" yells!
恰	Qia	4	just right	just right commands "Qia!" yells!
惶	Huang	2	fearful	fearful questions "Huang? Why?" curiously!
愉	Yu	2	overjoyed	overjoyed questions "Yu? Why?" curiously!
愈	Yu	4	more and more	more and more commands "Yu!" yells!
惑	Huo	4	be bewildered	be bewildered commands "Huo!" yells!
怔	Zheng	4	terror-stricken	terror-stricken commands "Zheng!" yells!
怖	Bu	4	be scared of	be scared of commands "Bu!" yells!
添	Tian	1	augment	augment sings "Tian!" cheerfully!
悔	Hui	3	be sorry about	be sorry about bends down drooping saying "Hui"!
慌	Huang	1	nervous	nervous sings "Huang!" cheerfully!
悅	Yue	4	delighted	delighted commands "Yue!" yells!
憎	Zeng	1	loathe	loathe sings "Zeng!" cheerfully!
忌	Ji	4	shun	shun commands "Ji!" yells!
惟	Wei	2	thinking	thinking questions "Wei? Why?" curiously!
懼	Ju	4	be frightened	be frightened commands "Ju!" yells!
患	Huan	4	troubles	troubles commands "Huan!" yells!
惹	Re	3	provoke	provoke bends down drooping saying "Re"!
恩	Ēn	5	kindness	kindness says "Ēn" neutrally!
憶	Yi	4	recall	recall commands "Yi!" yells!
媳	Xi	2	daughter-in-law	daughter-in-law questions "Xi? Why?" curiously!
熄	Xi	1	put out	put out sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
瑟	Se	4	Chinese harp	Chinese harp commands "Se!" yells!
泌	Mi	4	secrete	secrete commands "Mi!" yells!
蜜	Mi	4	honey	honey commands "Mi!" yells!
摩	Mo	2	rub	rub questions "Mo? Why?" curiously!
蛾	É	5	moth	moth says "É" neutrally!
扒	Ba	1	pick pockets	pick pockets sings "Ba!" cheerfully!
扣	Kou	4	button	button commands "Kou!" yells!
捐	Juan	1	contribute	contribute sings "Juan!" cheerfully!
拍	Pai	1	racquet	racquet sings "Pai!" cheerfully!
啪	Pa	1	clapping sound	clapping sound sings "Pa!" cheerfully!
損	Sun	3	damage	damage bends down drooping saying "Sun"!
扛	Kang	2	carry over the shoulder	carry over the shoulder questions "Kang? Why?" curiously!
扎	Zha	1	prick	prick sings "Zha!" cheerfully!
拇	Mu3	5	thumb	thumb says "Mu3" neutrally!
拘	Ju	1	detain	detain sings "Ju!" cheerfully!
抄	Chao	1	copy	copy sings "Chao!" cheerfully!
拓	Ta	4	pioneer	pioneer commands "Ta!" yells!
捏	Nie	1	pinch	pinch sings "Nie!" cheerfully!
撓	Nao	2	chafe	chafe questions "Nao? Why?" curiously!
抹	Mo	3	smear on	smear on bends down drooping saying "Mo"!
描	Miao	2	describe	describe questions "Miao? Why?" curiously!
摸	Mo	1	grope	grope sings "Mo!" cheerfully!
挑	Tiao	1	foment	foment sings "Tiao!" cheerfully!
拴	Shuan	1	tether	tether sings "Shuan!" cheerfully!
拾	Shi2	5	tidy up	tidy up says "Shi2" neutrally!
搭	Da	1	put up	put up sings "Da!" cheerfully!
掠	Lüe	4	pillage	pillage commands "Lüe!" yells!
捨	She	3	abandon	abandon bends down drooping saying "She"!
拭	Shi	4	wipe away	wipe away commands "Shi!" yells!
扯	Che	3	yank	yank bends down drooping saying "Che"!
拖	Tuo	1	drag	drag sings "Tuo!" cheerfully!
揚	Yang	2	publicize	publicize questions "Yang? Why?" curiously!
搞	Gao	3	engage in	engage in bends down drooping saying "Gao"!
撞	Zhuang	4	bump into	bump into commands "Zhuang!" yells!
摘	Zhai	1	handpick	handpick sings "Zhai!" cheerfully!
捆	Kun	3	lash together	lash together bends down drooping saying "Kun"!
撼	Han	4	joggle	joggle commands "Han!" yells!
擾	Rao	3	harass	harass bends down drooping saying "Rao"!
擅	Shan	4	act without authority	act without authority commands "Shan!" yells!
壇	Tan	2	altar	altar questions "Tan? Why?" curiously!
顫	Chan	4	tremble	tremble commands "Chan!" yells!
莽	Mang	3	rude	rude bends down drooping saying "Mang"!
戒	Jie	4	take precautions against	take precautions against commands "Jie!" yells!
械	Xie	4	weapon	weapon commands "Xie!" yells!
誡	Jie	4	warn	warn commands "Jie!" yells!
奔	Ben	1	dash	dash sings "Ben!" cheerfully!
噴	Pen	1	spurt	spurt sings "Pen!" cheerfully!
墳	Fen	2	tomb	tomb questions "Fen? Why?" curiously!
憤	Fen	4	indignation	indignation commands "Fen!" yells!
材	Cai	2	stuff	stuff questions "Cai? Why?" curiously!
孕	Yun	4	pregnant	pregnant commands "Yun!" yells!
扔	Reng	1	throw away	throw away sings "Reng!" cheerfully!
圾	Ji	1	trash	trash sings "Ji!" cheerfully!
叉	Cha	1	fork	fork sings "Cha!" cheerfully!
桑	Sang	1	mulberry tree	mulberry tree sings "Sang!" cheerfully!
嗓	Sang	3	voicebox	voicebox bends down drooping saying "Sang"!
寇	Kou	4	outlaw	outlaw commands "Kou!" yells!
敲	Qiao	1	knock	knock sings "Qiao!" cheerfully!
灌	Guan	4	pour into	pour into commands "Guan!" yells!
權	Quan	2	authority	authority questions "Quan? Why?" curiously!
毅	Yi	4	resolute	resolute commands "Yi!" yells!
肢	Zhi	1	limb	limb sings "Zhi!" cheerfully!
妓	Ji	4	prostitute	prostitute commands "Ji!" yells!
歧	Qi	2	fork in the road	fork in the road questions "Qi? Why?" curiously!
翅	Chi	4	fins	fins commands "Chi!" yells!
淑	Shu	1	graceful	graceful sings "Shu!" cheerfully!
椒	Jiao	1	spice plant	spice plant sings "Jiao!" cheerfully!
后	Hou	4	queen	queen commands "Hou!" yells!
盾	Dun	4	shield	shield commands "Dun!" yells!
販	Fan	4	peddler	peddler commands "Fan!" yells!
扳	Ban	1	tug	tug sings "Ban!" cheerfully!
覓	Mi	4	try to find	try to find commands "Mi!" yells!
妥	Tuo	3	appropriate	appropriate bends down drooping saying "Tuo"!
睬	Cai	3	notice	notice bends down drooping saying "Cai"!
允	Yun	3	consent	consent bends down drooping saying "Yun"!
勾	Gou	1	cross out	cross out sings "Gou!" cheerfully!
晉	Jin	4	promote	promote commands "Jin!" yells!
宏	Hong	2	magnificent	magnificent questions "Hong? Why?" curiously!
胎	Tai	1	fetus	fetus sings "Tai!" cheerfully!
冶	Ye	3	smelt	smelt bends down drooping saying "Ye"!
颱	Tai	2	typhoon	typhoon questions "Tai? Why?" curiously!
怠	Dai	4	negligent	negligent commands "Dai!" yells!
抬	Tai	2	elevate	elevate questions "Tai? Why?" curiously!
丟	Diu	1	mislay	mislay sings "Diu!" cheerfully!
臺	Tai	2	Taiwan	Taiwan questions "Tai? Why?" curiously!
致	Zhi	4	bring about	bring about commands "Zhi!" yells!
撤	Che	4	remove	remove commands "Che!" yells!
硫	Liu	2	sulfur	sulfur questions "Liu? Why?" curiously!
琉	Liu	2	glaze	glaze questions "Liu? Why?" curiously!
疏	Shu	1	sparse	sparse sings "Shu!" cheerfully!
蔬	Shu	1	veggies	veggies sings "Shu!" cheerfully!
崩	Beng	1	crumble	crumble sings "Beng!" cheerfully!
岩	Yan	2	rock	rock questions "Yan? Why?" curiously!
崎	Qi	2	rugged	rugged questions "Qi? Why?" curiously!
崖	Ya	2	cliff	cliff questions "Ya? Why?" curiously!
炭	Tan	4	charcoal	charcoal commands "Tan!" yells!
碳	Tan	4	carbon	carbon commands "Tan!" yells!
盼	Pan	4	await hopefully	await hopefully commands "Pan!" yells!
頒	Ban	1	promulgate	promulgate sings "Ban!" cheerfully!
芬	Fen	1	essence	essence sings "Fen!" cheerfully!
岔	Cha	4	diverge	diverge commands "Cha!" yells!
頌	Song	4	extol	extol commands "Song!" yells!
訟	Song	4	litigate	litigate commands "Song!" yells!
翁	Weng	1	elderly man	elderly man sings "Weng!" cheerfully!
裕	Yu	4	abundant	abundant commands "Yu!" yells!
榕	Rong	2	banyan	banyan questions "Rong? Why?" curiously!
賞	Shang	3	prize	prize bends down drooping saying "Shang"!
嘗	Chang	2	attempt	attempt questions "Chang? Why?" curiously!
嚐	Chang	2	taste	taste questions "Chang? Why?" curiously!
掌	Zhang	3	palm of the hand	palm of the hand bends down drooping saying "Zhang"!
擋	Dang	3	fend off	fend off bends down drooping saying "Dang"!
膛	Tang	2	chest	chest questions "Tang? Why?" curiously!
頗	Po	1	quite	quite sings "Po!" cheerfully!
坡	Po	1	slope	slope sings "Po!" cheerfully!
披	Pi	1	drape over the shoulders	drape over the shoulders sings "Pi!" cheerfully!
彼	Bi	3	the other	the other bends down drooping saying "Bi"!
皺	Zhou	4	wrinkles	wrinkles commands "Zhou!" yells!
雛	Chu	2	chick	chick questions "Chu? Why?" curiously!
趨	Qu	1	hasten	hasten sings "Qu!" cheerfully!
菠	Bo	1	spinach	spinach sings "Bo!" cheerfully!
殖	Zhi	2	breed	breed questions "Zhi? Why?" curiously!
殊	Shu	1	dissimilar	dissimilar sings "Shu!" cheerfully!
殘	Can	2	incomplete	incomplete questions "Can? Why?" curiously!
咧	Lie	5	grin	grin says "Lie" neutrally!
裂	Lie	4	crack	crack commands "Lie!" yells!
耿	Geng	3	dedicated	dedicated bends down drooping saying "Geng"!
恥	Chi	3	shame	shame bends down drooping saying "Chi"!
輯	Ji	5	edit	edit says "Ji" neutrally!
攝	She	4	take a photo	take a photo commands "She!" yells!
娶	Qu	3	take a wife	take a wife bends down drooping saying "Qu"!
扶	Fu	2	lend a hand	lend a hand questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
熙	Xi	1	splendid	splendid sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
腎	Shen	4	kidneys	kidneys commands "Shen!" yells!
募	Mu	4	recruit	recruit commands "Mu!" yells!
脅	Xie	2	threaten	threaten questions "Xie? Why?" curiously!
劣	Lie	4	inferior	inferior commands "Lie!" yells!
勳	Xun	1	merit	merit sings "Xun!" cheerfully!
勸	Quan	4	advise	advise commands "Quan!" yells!
劫	Jie	2	plunder	plunder questions "Jie? Why?" curiously!
怒	Nu	4	anger	anger commands "Nu!" yells!
茄	Jia	1	eggplant	eggplant sings "Jia!" cheerfully!
彷	Fang	3	seemingly	seemingly bends down drooping saying "Fang"!
征	Zheng	1	go on an expedition	go on an expedition sings "Zheng!" cheerfully!
徒	Tu	2	follower	follower questions "Tu? Why?" curiously!
徊	Huai	2	undecided	undecided questions "Huai? Why?" curiously!
徵	Zheng	1	solicit	solicit sings "Zheng!" cheerfully!
懲	Cheng	2	chasten	chasten questions "Cheng? Why?" curiously!
循	Xun	2	comply with	comply with questions "Xun? Why?" curiously!
徹	Che	4	thorough	thorough commands "Che!" yells!
役	Yi	4	service	service commands "Yi!" yells!
衍	Yan	3	develop	develop bends down drooping saying "Yan"!
衡	Heng	2	weight	weight questions "Heng? Why?" curiously!
銜	Xian	2	title （Like rank and title)	title （Like rank and title) questions "Xian? Why?" curiously!
禿	Tu	1	bald	bald sings "Tu!" cheerfully!
頹	Tui	2	decrepit	decrepit questions "Tui? Why?" curiously!
秒	Miao	3	seconds	seconds bends down drooping saying "Miao"!
稍	Shao	1	a little	a little sings "Shao!" cheerfully!
穌	Su	1	rise again	rise again sings "Su!" cheerfully!
蘇	Su	1	revive	revive sings "Su!" cheerfully!
萎	Wei	1	wilt	wilt sings "Wei!" cheerfully!
黏	Nian	2	sticky	sticky questions "Nian? Why?" curiously!
黎	Li	2	host	host questions "Li? Why?" curiously!
漆	Qi	1	wall paint	wall paint sings "Qi!" cheerfully!
膝	Xi	1	knees	knees sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
稠	Chou	2	dense	dense questions "Chou? Why?" curiously!
稿	Gao	3	draft	draft bends down drooping saying "Gao"!
穎	Ying	3	clever	clever bends down drooping saying "Ying"!
稅	Shui	4	tax	tax commands "Shui!" yells!
稼	Jia	5	crops	crops says "Jia" neutrally!
菌	Jun	1	fungus	fungus sings "Jun!" cheerfully!
稚	Zhi	4	immature	immature commands "Zhi!" yells!
穫	Huo	4	harvest	harvest commands "Huo!" yells!
私	Si	1	private	private sings "Si!" cheerfully!
秩	Zhi	4	order	order commands "Zhi!" yells!
殼	Ke	2	shell	shell questions "Ke? Why?" curiously!
穀	Gu	3	cereal	cereal bends down drooping saying "Gu"!
鍬	Qiao	1	shovel	shovel sings "Qiao!" cheerfully!
揪	Jiu	1	hold tight	hold tight sings "Jiu!" cheerfully!
梨	Li	2	pear	pear questions "Li? Why?" curiously!
犁	Li	2	plow	plow questions "Li? Why?" curiously!
曆	Li	4	calendar	calendar commands "Li!" yells!
糕	Gao	1	cake	cake sings "Gao!" cheerfully!
糊	Hu	5	batter	batter says "Hu" neutrally!
粘	Nian	2	glue	glue questions "Nian? Why?" curiously!
糧	Liang	2	provisions	provisions questions "Liang? Why?" curiously!
菊	Ju	2	chrysanthemum	chrysanthemum questions "Ju? Why?" curiously!
糙	Cao	1	rough	rough sings "Cao!" cheerfully!
粒	Li	4	grain	grain commands "Li!" yells!
燦	Can	4	brilliant (like light, not smart.)	brilliant (like light, not smart.) commands "Can!" yells!
粉	Fen	3	powder	powder bends down drooping saying "Fen"!
瞇	Mi	1	squint	squint sings "Mi!" cheerfully!
幣	Bi	4	currency	currency commands "Bi!" yells!
斃	Bi	4	die a violent death	die a violent death commands "Bi!" yells!
蔽	Bi	4	shelter	shelter commands "Bi!" yells!
撇	Pie	1	cast aside	cast aside sings "Pie!" cheerfully!
弊	Bi	4	fraud	fraud commands "Bi!" yells!
筍	Sun	3	bamboo shoot	bamboo shoot bends down drooping saying "Sun"!
筒	Tong	3	tube	tube bends down drooping saying "Tong"!
築	Zhu	2	construct	construct questions "Zhu? Why?" curiously!
笨	Ben	4	stupid	stupid commands "Ben!" yells!
箭	Jian	4	arrow	arrow commands "Jian!" yells!
筋	Jin	1	tendon	tendon sings "Jin!" cheerfully!
伍	Wu	5	V	V says "Wu" neutrally!
仇	Chou	2	animosity	animosity questions "Chou? Why?" curiously!
倡	Chang	4	start	start commands "Chang!" yells!
伯	Bo	2	father's older brother	father's older brother questions "Bo? Why?" curiously!
仲	Zhong	4	mid-	mid- commands "Zhong!" yells!
估	Gu	1	estimate	estimate sings "Gu!" cheerfully!
偵	Zhen	1	detect	detect sings "Zhen!" cheerfully!
俱	Ju	4	altogether	altogether commands "Ju!" yells!
側	Ce	4	lateral	lateral commands "Ce!" yells!
佑	You	4	bless	bless commands "You!" yells!
佐	Zuo	3	assistant	assistant bends down drooping saying "Zuo"!
仔	Zi	3	meticulous	meticulous bends down drooping saying "Zi"!
俏	Qiao	4	comely	comely commands "Qiao!" yells!
倘	Tang	3	if	if bends down drooping saying "Tang"!
倚	Yi	3	count on	count on bends down drooping saying "Yi"!
佳	Jia	1	superb	superb sings "Jia!" cheerfully!
侍	Shi	4	serve	serve commands "Shi!" yells!
伙	Huo	3	mate	mate bends down drooping saying "Huo"!
宿	Su	4	stay overnight	stay overnight commands "Su!" yells!
伏	Fu	2	bend over	bend over questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
袱	Fu	5	wrapping cloth	wrapping cloth says "Fu" neutrally!
偷	Tou	1	steal	steal sings "Tou!" cheerfully!
伐	Fa	2	fell	fell questions "Fa? Why?" curiously!
佩	Pei	4	wear at the waist	wear at the waist commands "Pei!" yells!
佈	Bu	4	announce	announce commands "Bu!" yells!
僑	Qiao	2	live abroad	live abroad questions "Qiao? Why?" curiously!
億	Yi	4	one hundred million	one hundred million commands "Yi!" yells!
傾	Qing	1	incline	incline sings "Qing!" cheerfully!
侮	Wu	3	insult	insult bends down drooping saying "Wu"!
倍	Bei	4	times-multiplier	times-multiplier commands "Bei!" yells!
仿	Fang	3	mimic	mimic bends down drooping saying "Fang"!
傲	Ào	5	haughty	haughty says "Ào" neutrally!
僧	Seng	1	Buddhist monk	Buddhist monk sings "Seng!" cheerfully!
悠	You	1	without haste	without haste sings "You!" cheerfully!
俄	É	5	Russia	Russia says "É" neutrally!
儀	Yi	2	rite	rite questions "Yi? Why?" curiously!
侄	Zhi	2	nephew	nephew questions "Zhi? Why?" curiously!
仙	Xian	1	immortal	immortal sings "Xian!" cheerfully!
俗	Su	2	custom	custom questions "Su? Why?" curiously!
償	Chang	2	repay	repay questions "Chang? Why?" curiously!
臥	Wo	4	for sleeping	for sleeping commands "Wo!" yells!
傍	Bang	4	close to	close to commands "Bang!" yells!
俺	Ǎn	5	we (exclusive)	we (exclusive) says "Ǎn" neutrally!
淹	Yan	1	inundate	inundate sings "Yan!" cheerfully!
掩	Yan	3	conceal	conceal bends down drooping saying "Yan"!
催	Cui	1	prod	prod sings "Cui!" cheerfully!
摧	Cui	1	wreck	wreck sings "Cui!" cheerfully!
攜	Xie	2	take along	take along questions "Xie? Why?" curiously!
符	Fu	2	symbol	symbol questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
貸	Dai	4	loan	loan commands "Dai!" yells!
荷	He	2	Holland	Holland questions "He? Why?" curiously!
仗	Zhang	4	battle	battle commands "Zhang!" yells!
杖	Zhang	4	cane	cane commands "Zhang!" yells!
夾	Jia	1	press from both sides	press from both sides sings "Jia!" cheerfully!
俠	Xia	2	chivalrous person	chivalrous person questions "Xia? Why?" curiously!
頰	Jia	2	cheek	cheek questions "Jia? Why?" curiously!
狹	Xia	2	narrow	narrow questions "Xia? Why?" curiously!
挾	Xie	2	coerce	coerce questions "Xie? Why?" curiously!
峽	Xia	2	gorge	gorge questions "Xia? Why?" curiously!
傘	San	3	umbrella	umbrella bends down drooping saying "San"!
聚	Ju	4	assemble (like superheroes--not ikea)	assemble (like superheroes--not ikea) commands "Ju!" yells!
挫	Cuo	4	frustrate	frustrate commands "Cuo!" yells!
劍	Jian	4	saber	saber commands "Jian!" yells!
斂	Lian (tone 3 for keyword)	3	restrain	restrain bends down drooping saying "Lian (tone 3 for keyword)"!
撿	Jian	3	pick up	pick up bends down drooping saying "Jian"!
簽	Qian	1	sign	sign sings "Qian!" cheerfully!
儉	Jian	3	thrifty	thrifty bends down drooping saying "Jian"!
萊	Lai	2	lambsquarters	lambsquarters questions "Lai? Why?" curiously!
葛	Ge	2	kudzu	kudzu questions "Ge? Why?" curiously!
褐	He	4	brown	brown commands "He!" yells!
竭	Jie	2	use up	use up questions "Jie? Why?" curiously!
歇	Xie	1	take a rest	take a rest sings "Xie!" cheerfully!
揭	Jie	1	reveal	reveal sings "Jie!" cheerfully!
淫	Yin	2	promiscuous	promiscuous questions "Yin? Why?" curiously!
挺	Ting	3	erect	erect bends down drooping saying "Ting"!
瓦	Wa	3	tile	tile bends down drooping saying "Wa"!
瓷	Ci	2	porcelain	porcelain questions "Ci? Why?" curiously!
瓶	Ping	2	bottle	bottle questions "Ping? Why?" curiously!
鋁	Lu	3	aluminum	aluminum bends down drooping saying "Lu"!
宮	Gong	1	palace	palace sings "Gong!" cheerfully!
瑩	Ying	2	lustrous	lustrous questions "Ying? Why?" curiously!
螢	Ying	2	firefly	firefly questions "Ying? Why?" curiously!
撈	Lao	1	scoop up	scoop up sings "Lao!" cheerfully!
煥	Huan	4	glowing	glowing commands "Huan!" yells!
旋	Xuan	2	whirl	whirl questions "Xuan? Why?" curiously!
吻	Wen	3	kiss	kiss bends down drooping saying "Wen"!
匆	Cong	1	hurriedly	hurriedly sings "Cong!" cheerfully!
錫	Xi	1	tin	tin sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
惕	Ti	4	watchful	watchful commands "Ti!" yells!
屑	Xie	4	bits	bits commands "Xie!" yells!
尿	Niao	4	urine	urine commands "Niao!" yells!
刷	Shua	1	brush	brush sings "Shua!" cheerfully!
犀	Xi	1	rhinoceros	rhinoceros sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
遲	Chi	2	tardy	tardy questions "Chi? Why?" curiously!
漏	Lou	4	leak	leak commands "Lou!" yells!
屁	Pi	4	fart	fart commands "Pi!" yells!
履	Lu	3	footwear	footwear bends down drooping saying "Lu"!
屎	Shi	3	excrement	excrement bends down drooping saying "Shi"!
屏	Ping	2	folding screen	folding screen questions "Ping? Why?" curiously!
屈	Qu	1	knuckle under	knuckle under sings "Qu!" cheerfully!
掘	Jue	2	excavate	excavate questions "Jue? Why?" curiously!
尺	Chi	3	ruler	ruler bends down drooping saying "Chi"!
眉	Mei	2	eyebrows	eyebrows questions "Mei? Why?" curiously!
媚	Mei	4	flatter	flatter commands "Mei!" yells!
肩	Jian	1	shoulder	shoulder sings "Jian!" cheerfully!
妒	Du	4	jealous of	jealous of commands "Du!" yells!
淚	Lei	4	tears	tears commands "Lei!" yells!
啓	Qi	3	enlighten	enlighten bends down drooping saying "Qi"!
扇	Shan	4	fan	fan commands "Shan!" yells!
奈	Nai	4	can't help but	can't help but commands "Nai!" yells!
款	Kuan	3	funds	funds bends down drooping saying "Kuan"!
祟	Sui	4	evil spirit	evil spirit commands "Sui!" yells!
祝	Zhu	4	wish well	wish well commands "Zhu!" yells!
祥	Xiang	2	propitious	propitious questions "Xiang? Why?" curiously!
祕	Mi	4	confidential	confidential commands "Mi!" yells!
慰	Wei	4	console	console commands "Wei!" yells!
蔚	Wei	4	luxuriant	luxuriant commands "Wei!" yells!
蒜	Suan	4	garlic	garlic commands "Suan!" yells!
棕	Zong	1	palm tree	palm tree sings "Zong!" cheerfully!
宙	Zhou	4	universe	universe commands "Zhou!" yells!
軸	Zhou	2	axle	axle questions "Zhou? Why?" curiously!
袖	Xiu	4	sleeve	sleeve commands "Xiu!" yells!
笛	Di	2	flute	flute questions "Di? Why?" curiously!
坤	Kun	1	female	female sings "Kun!" cheerfully!
呻	Shen	1	groan	groan sings "Shen!" cheerfully!
暢	Chang	4	smooth	smooth commands "Chang!" yells!
夥	Huo	3	partnership	partnership bends down drooping saying "Huo"!
巢	Chao	2	nest	nest questions "Chao? Why?" curiously!
棵	Ke	1	flora	flora sings "Ke!" cheerfully!
裸	Luo	3	naked	naked bends down drooping saying "Luo"!
裹	Guo	3	envelop	envelop bends down drooping saying "Guo"!
析	Xi	1	analyze	analyze sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
晰	Xi	1	distinct	distinct sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
芹	Qin	2	celery	celery questions "Qin? Why?" curiously!
折	Zhe	2	discount	discount questions "Zhe? Why?" curiously!
哲	Zhe	2	philosopher	philosopher questions "Zhe? Why?" curiously!
逝	Shi	4	pass away	pass away commands "Shi!" yells!
誓	Shi	4	vow	vow commands "Shi!" yells!
欣	Xin	1	elated	elated sings "Xin!" cheerfully!
掀	Xian	1	uncover	uncover sings "Xian!" cheerfully!
祈	Qi	2	supplicate	supplicate questions "Qi? Why?" curiously!
慚	Can	2	conscience-stricken	conscience-stricken questions "Can? Why?" curiously!
嶄	Zhan (correct one)	3	towering	towering bends down drooping saying "Zhan (correct one)"!
拆	Chai	1	take apart	take apart sings "Chai!" cheerfully!
炸	Zha	4	blow up	blow up commands "Zha!" yells!
詐	Zha	4	swindle	swindle commands "Zha!" yells!
妻	Qi	1	wife	wife sings "Qi!" cheerfully!
淒	Qi	1	miserable	miserable sings "Qi!" cheerfully!
棲	Qi	1	perch	perch sings "Qi!" cheerfully!
煞	Sha	1	goblin	goblin sings "Sha!" cheerfully!
捷	Jie	2	nimble	nimble questions "Jie? Why?" curiously!
秉	Bing	3	wield	wield bends down drooping saying "Bing"!
剝	Bo	1	peel off	peel off sings "Bo!" cheerfully!
彙	Hui	4	collection	collection commands "Hui!" yells!
兼	Jian	1	double	double sings "Jian!" cheerfully!
賺	Zhuan	4	earn	earn commands "Zhuan!" yells!
嫌	Xian	2	dislike	dislike questions "Xian? Why?" curiously!
謙	Qian	1	unassuming	unassuming sings "Qian!" cheerfully!
歉	Qian	4	apology	apology commands "Qian!" yells!
廉	Lian	2	inexpensive	inexpensive questions "Lian? Why?" curiously!
鐮	Lian	2	sickle	sickle questions "Lian? Why?" curiously!
簾	Lian	2	drapes	drapes questions "Lian? Why?" curiously!
睜	Zheng	1	unshut	unshut sings "Zheng!" cheerfully!
掙	Zheng	1	struggle	struggle sings "Zheng!" cheerfully!
箏	Zheng	1	Chinese zither	Chinese zither sings "Zheng!" cheerfully!
塘	Tang	2	pool	pool questions "Tang? Why?" curiously!
逮	Dai	3	arrest	arrest bends down drooping saying "Dai"!
隸	Li	4	bondservant	bondservant commands "Li!" yells!
慷	Kang	1	generous	generous sings "Kang!" cheerfully!
糠	Kang	1	chaff	chaff sings "Kang!" cheerfully!
耍	Shua	3	mess around	mess around bends down drooping saying "Shua"!
耐	Nai	4	-proof	-proof commands "Nai!" yells!
喘	Chuan	3	wheeze	wheeze bends down drooping saying "Chuan"!
揣	Chuai	1	conjecture	conjecture sings "Chuai!" cheerfully!
糟	Zao	1	messed up	messed up sings "Zao!" cheerfully!
遭	Zao	1	meet with	meet with sings "Zao!" cheerfully!
槽	Cao	2	trough	trough questions "Cao? Why?" curiously!
抖	Dou	3	quiver	quiver bends down drooping saying "Dou"!
庸	Yong	1	mediocre	mediocre sings "Yong!" cheerfully!
傭	Yong	1	put to work	put to work sings "Yong!" cheerfully!
甩	Shuai	3	fling	fling bends down drooping saying "Shuai"!
惜	Xi	1	rue	rue sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
措	Cuo	4	arrange	arrange commands "Cuo!" yells!
棄	Qi	4	forsake	forsake commands "Qi!" yells!
燕	Yan	4	swallow	swallow commands "Yan!" yells!
遮	Zhe	1	screen	screen sings "Zhe!" cheerfully!
畔	Pan	4	littoral	littoral commands "Pan!" yells!
拌	Ban	4	blend	blend commands "Ban!" yells!
叛	Pan	4	betray	betray commands "Pan!" yells!
券	Quan	4	voucher	voucher commands "Quan!" yells!
藤	Teng	2	rattan	rattan questions "Teng? Why?" curiously!
狀	Zhuang	4	state of affairs	state of affairs commands "Zhuang!" yells!
牆	Qiang	2	wall	wall questions "Qiang? Why?" curiously!
鼎	Ding	3	old cooking pot	old cooking pot bends down drooping saying "Ding"!
寢	Qin	3	get some shuteye	get some shuteye bends down drooping saying "Qin"!
侵	Qin	1	invade	invade sings "Qin!" cheerfully!
浸	Jin	4	immerse	immerse commands "Jin!" yells!
贓	Zang	1	stolen goods	stolen goods sings "Zang!" cheerfully!
藏	Cang	2	hide	hide questions "Cang? Why?" curiously!
臟	Zang	4	guts	guts commands "Zang!" yells!
獎	Jiang	3	award	award bends down drooping saying "Jiang"!
漿	Jiang (both pronunciations work)	1	thick liquid	thick liquid sings "Jiang (both pronunciations work)!" cheerfully!
槳	Jiang	3	oar	oar bends down drooping saying "Jiang"!
蔣	Jiang	3	Jiang	Jiang bends down drooping saying "Jiang"!
淵	Yuan	1	abyss	abyss sings "Yuan!" cheerfully!
肅	Su	4	solemn	solemn commands "Su!" yells!
嘯	Xiao	4	howl	howl commands "Xiao!" yells!
蕭	Xiao	1	desolate	desolate sings "Xiao!" cheerfully!
鏽	Xiu	4	rust	rust commands "Xiu!" yells!
芝	Zhi	1	sesame	sesame sings "Zhi!" cheerfully!
貶	Bian	3	devalue	devalue bends down drooping saying "Bian"!
泛	Fan	4	nonspecific	nonspecific commands "Fan!" yells!
歪	Wai	1	askew	askew sings "Wai!" cheerfully!
矯	Jiao	3	rectify	rectify bends down drooping saying "Jiao"!
矮	Ǎi	5	short of stature	short of stature says "Ǎi" neutrally!
唉	Āi	5	sigh--ay-ay	sigh--ay-ay says "Āi" neutrally!
埃	Āi	5	fine dust	fine dust says "Āi" neutrally!
挨	Āi	5	suffer	suffer says "Āi" neutrally!
簇	Cu	4	cluster	cluster commands "Cu!" yells!
茅	Mao	2	thatch	thatch questions "Mao? Why?" curiously!
橘	Ju	2	tangerine	tangerine questions "Ju? Why?" curiously!
舒	Shu	1	relax	relax sings "Shu!" cheerfully!
弘	Hong	2	noble	noble questions "Hong? Why?" curiously!
夷	Yi	2	barbarian	barbarian questions "Yi? Why?" curiously!
姨	Yi	2	maternal aunt	maternal aunt questions "Yi? Why?" curiously!
疆	Jiang	1	dividing line	dividing line sings "Jiang!" cheerfully!
僵	Jiang	1	stiff	stiff sings "Jiang!" cheerfully!
薑	Jiang	1	ginger	ginger sings "Jiang!" cheerfully!
粥	Zhou	1	porridge	porridge sings "Zhou!" cheerfully!
沸	Fei	4	bring to a boil	bring to a boil commands "Fei!" yells!
拂	Fu	2	caress	caress questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
剃	Ti	4	shave	shave commands "Ti!" yells!
涕	Ti	4	snot	snot commands "Ti!" yells!
梯	Ti	1	ladder	ladder sings "Ti!" cheerfully!
朽	Xiu	3	decayed	decayed bends down drooping saying "Xiu"!
聘	Pin	4	employ	employ commands "Pin!" yells!
犧	Xi	1	sacrifice	sacrifice sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
姊	Zi	3	elder sister	elder sister bends down drooping saying "Zi"!
躺	Tang	3	lie down	lie down bends down drooping saying "Tang"!
躲	Duo	3	dodge	dodge bends down drooping saying "Duo"!
躬	Gong	1	stoop	stoop sings "Gong!" cheerfully!
嗜	Shi	4	hanker	hanker commands "Shi!" yells!
拷	Kao	3	flog	flog bends down drooping saying "Kao"!
暑	Shu	3	summer heat	summer heat bends down drooping saying "Shu"!
睹	Du	3	behold	behold bends down drooping saying "Du"!
賭	Du	3	gamble	gamble bends down drooping saying "Du"!
奢	She	1	extravagant	extravagant sings "She!" cheerfully!
堵	Du	3	stop up	stop up bends down drooping saying "Du"!
煮	Zhu	3	boil	boil bends down drooping saying "Zhu"!
諸	Zhu	1	various	various sings "Zhu!" cheerfully!
儲	Chu	3	put in storage	put in storage bends down drooping saying "Chu"!
屠	Tu	2	slaughter	slaughter questions "Tu? Why?" curiously!
署	Shu	3	add your John Hancock	add your John Hancock bends down drooping saying "Shu"!
薯	Shu	3	yam	yam bends down drooping saying "Shu"!
歸	Gui	1	come back	come back sings "Gui!" cheerfully!
篩	Shai	1	sift	sift sings "Shai!" cheerfully!
棺	Guan	1	coffin	coffin sings "Guan!" cheerfully!
爹	Die	1	dad	dad sings "Die!" cheerfully!
斧	Fu	3	axe	axe bends down drooping saying "Fu"!
咬	Yao	3	bite	bite bends down drooping saying "Yao"!
狡	Jiao	3	sly	sly bends down drooping saying "Jiao"!
趴	Pa	1	prostrate oneself	prostrate oneself sings "Pa!" cheerfully!
踏	Ta	4	trample	trample commands "Ta!" yells!
蹄	Ti	2	hoof	hoof questions "Ti? Why?" curiously!
捉	Zhuo	1	catch	catch sings "Zhuo!" cheerfully!
踩	Cai	3	step on	step on bends down drooping saying "Cai"!
蹦	Beng	4	hop	hop commands "Beng!" yells!
跌	Die	1	slump	slump sings "Die!" cheerfully!
促	Cu	4	urge	urge commands "Cu!" yells!
踢	Ti	1	kick	kick sings "Ti!" cheerfully!
躁	Zao	4	impetuous	impetuous commands "Zao!" yells!
噪	Zao	4	chirping	chirping commands "Zao!" yells!
澡	Zao	3	bath	bath bends down drooping saying "Zao"!
藻	Zao	3	algae	algae bends down drooping saying "Zao"!
操	Cao	1	exercise	exercise sings "Cao!" cheerfully!
燥	Zao	4	parched	parched commands "Zao!" yells!
躍	Yue	4	leap	leap commands "Yue!" yells!
戳	Chuo	1	jab	jab sings "Chuo!" cheerfully!
耀	Yao	4	show off	show off commands "Yao!" yells!
猾	Hua	2	cunning	cunning questions "Hua? Why?" curiously!
髓	Sui	3	marrow	marrow bends down drooping saying "Sui"!
髒	Zang	1	dirty	dirty sings "Zang!" cheerfully!
渦	Wo	1	whirlpool	whirlpool sings "Wo!" cheerfully!
鍋	Guo	1	pot	pot sings "Guo!" cheerfully!
蝸	Wo	1	snail	snail sings "Wo!" cheerfully!
禍	Huo	4	misfortune	misfortune commands "Huo!" yells!
陌	Mo	4	footpath	footpath commands "Mo!" yells!
隙	Xi	4	rift	rift commands "Xi!" yells!
陡	Dou	3	steep	steep bends down drooping saying "Dou"!
障	Zhang	4	barrier	barrier commands "Zhang!" yells!
陪	Pei	2	accompany	accompany questions "Pei? Why?" curiously!
隧	Sui	4	tunnel	tunnel commands "Sui!" yells!
墜	Zhui	4	plunge	plunge commands "Zhui!" yells!
陋	Lou	4	undesirable	undesirable commands "Lou!" yells!
挖	Wa	1	dig	dig sings "Wa!" cheerfully!
窯	Yao	2	kiln	kiln questions "Yao? Why?" curiously!
窺	Kui	1	peep	peep sings "Kui!" cheerfully!
窟	Ku	1	den	den sings "Ku!" cheerfully!
窄	Zhai	3	strait	strait bends down drooping saying "Zhai"!
榨	Zha	4	extract	extract commands "Zha!" yells!
窘	Jiong	3	poverty-stricken	poverty-stricken bends down drooping saying "Jiong"!
窮	Qiong	3	poor	poor bends down drooping saying "Qiong"!
窩	Wo	1	hollow	hollow sings "Wo!" cheerfully!
腔	Qiang	1	body cavity	body cavity sings "Qiang!" cheerfully!
累	Lei	4	tired	tired commands "Lei!" yells!
螺	Luo	2	spiral shell	spiral shell questions "Luo? Why?" curiously!
紗	Sha	1	yarn	yarn sings "Sha!" cheerfully!
綽	Chuo	4	ample	ample commands "Chuo!" yells!
紹	Shao	4	acquaint	acquaint commands "Shao!" yells!
絮	Xu	4	long-winded	long-winded commands "Xu!" yells!
繞	Rao	4	go around	go around commands "Rao!" yells!
紮	Za	1	bind	bind sings "Za!" cheerfully!
綿	Mian	2	continuous	continuous questions "Mian? Why?" curiously!
繪	Hui	4	paint	paint commands "Hui!" yells!
絡	Luo	4	web	web commands "Luo!" yells!
綢	Chou	2	silk fabric	silk fabric questions "Chou? Why?" curiously!
絨	Rong	2	down	down questions "Rong? Why?" curiously!
締	Di	4	conclude	conclude commands "Di!" yells!
紫	Zi	3	purple	purple bends down drooping saying "Zi"!
繁	Fan	2	numerous	numerous questions "Fan? Why?" curiously!
紡	Fang	3	spin	spin bends down drooping saying "Fang"!
繭	Jian	3	cocoon	cocoon bends down drooping saying "Jian"!
纏	Chan	2	wind around	wind around questions "Chan? Why?" curiously!
緻	Zhi	4	delicate	delicate commands "Zhi!" yells!
繫	Ji	4	fasten	fasten commands "Ji!" yells!
納	Na	4	let in	let in commands "Na!" yells!
紛	Fen	1	disorderly	disorderly sings "Fen!" cheerfully!
縮	Suo	1	shrink	shrink sings "Suo!" cheerfully!
綜	Zong	1	sum up	sum up sings "Zong!" cheerfully!
紳	Shen	1	gentry	gentry sings "Shen!" cheerfully!
緣	Yuan	2	reason	reason questions "Yuan? Why?" curiously!
緒	Xu	4	inception	inception commands "Xu!" yells!
絞	Jiao	3	wring	wring bends down drooping saying "Jiao"!
緩	Huan	3	unhurried	unhurried bends down drooping saying "Huan"!
暖	Nuan	3	warm	warm bends down drooping saying "Nuan"!
援	Yuan	2	provide assistance	provide assistance questions "Yuan? Why?" curiously!
索	Suo	3	large rope	large rope bends down drooping saying "Suo"!
勃	Bo	2	vibrant	vibrant questions "Bo? Why?" curiously!
脖	Bo	2	head-hinge	head-hinge questions "Bo? Why?" curiously!
繳	Jiao	3	shell out	shell out bends down drooping saying "Jiao"!
邀	Yao	1	request the presence of	request the presence of sings "Yao!" cheerfully!
繡	Xiu	4	embroidery	embroidery commands "Xiu!" yells!
蘿	Luo	2	edible root	edible root questions "Luo? Why?" curiously!
鑼	Luo	2	gong	gong questions "Luo? Why?" curiously!
邏	Luo	2	make the rounds	make the rounds questions "Luo? Why?" curiously!
籮	Luo	2	bamboo basket	bamboo basket questions "Luo? Why?" curiously!
蠻	Man	2	barbaric	barbaric questions "Man? Why?" curiously!
頸	Jing	3	neck	neck bends down drooping saying "Jing"!
莖	Jing	1	plant stem	plant stem sings "Jing!" cheerfully!
勁	Jing	4	powerful	powerful commands "Jing!" yells!
徑	Jing	4	trail	trail commands "Jing!" yells!
溪	Xi	1	creek	creek sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
幼	You	4	young	young commands "You!" yells!
幽	You	1	secluded	secluded sings "You!" cheerfully!
濕	Shi	1	wet	wet sings "Shi!" cheerfully!
玄	Xuan	2	mysterious	mysterious questions "Xuan? Why?" curiously!
畜	Chu	4	livestock	livestock commands "Chu!" yells!
蓄	Xu	4	save up	save up commands "Xu!" yells!
牽	Qian	1	lead along	lead along sings "Qian!" cheerfully!
弦	Xian	2	bowstring	bowstring questions "Xian? Why?" curiously!
磁	Ci	2	magnetism	magnetism questions "Ci? Why?" curiously!
滋	Zi	1	nourish	nourish sings "Zi!" cheerfully!
慈	Ci	2	kindhearted	kindhearted questions "Ci? Why?" curiously!
譏	Ji	1	deride	deride sings "Ji!" cheerfully!
爍	Shuo	4	luminous	luminous commands "Shuo!" yells!
遜	Xun	4	modest	modest commands "Xun!" yells!
卸	Xie	4	unload	unload commands "Xie!" yells!
御	Yu	4	imperial	imperial commands "Yu!" yells!
禦	Yu	4	withstand	withstand commands "Yu!" yells!
卵	Luan	3	nest eggs	nest eggs bends down drooping saying "Luan"!
孵	Fu	1	hatch	hatch sings "Fu!" cheerfully!
乳	Ru	3	breast	breast bends down drooping saying "Ru"!
浮	Fu	2	float	float questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
俘	Fu	2	captive	captive questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
卿	Qing	1	minister	minister sings "Qing!" cheerfully!
貿	Mao	4	trade	trade commands "Mao!" yells!
榴	Liu	2	pomegranate	pomegranate questions "Liu? Why?" curiously!
疑	Yi	2	doubt	doubt questions "Yi? Why?" curiously!
礙	Ài	5	obstruct	obstruct says "Ài" neutrally!
凝	Ning	2	congeal	congeal questions "Ning? Why?" curiously!
擬	Ni	3	simulate	simulate bends down drooping saying "Ni"!
玲	Ling	2	exquisite	exquisite questions "Ling? Why?" curiously!
鈴	Ling	2	small bell	small bell questions "Ling? Why?" curiously!
伶	Ling	2	actor	actor questions "Ling? Why?" curiously!
嶺	Ling	3	mountain range	mountain range bends down drooping saying "Ling"!
桶	Tong	3	bucket	bucket bends down drooping saying "Tong"!
誦	Song	4	read aloud	read aloud commands "Song!" yells!
湧	Yong	3	gush	gush bends down drooping saying "Yong"!
踴	Yong	3	eagerly	eagerly bends down drooping saying "Yong"!
卷	Juan	4	exam paper	exam paper commands "Juan!" yells!
圈	Quan	1	circle	circle sings "Quan!" cheerfully!
捲	Juan	3	roll up	roll up bends down drooping saying "Juan"!
倦	Juan	4	worn out	worn out commands "Juan!" yells!
範	Fan	4	model	model commands "Fan!" yells!
怨	Yuan	4	resentment	resentment commands "Yuan!" yells!
宛	Wan	3	winding	winding bends down drooping saying "Wan"!
腕	Wan	4	wrist	wrist commands "Wan!" yells!
婉	Wan	3	tactful	tactful bends down drooping saying "Wan"!
碗	Wan	3	bowl	bowl bends down drooping saying "Wan"!
詭	Gui	3	deceitful	deceitful bends down drooping saying "Gui"!
跪	Gui	4	kneel	kneel commands "Gui!" yells!
輿	Yu	2	popular	popular questions "Yu? Why?" curiously!
酬	Chou	2	reward	reward questions "Chou? Why?" curiously!
酌	Zhuo	2	pour wine	pour wine questions "Zhuo? Why?" curiously!
酷	Ku	4	brutal	brutal commands "Ku!" yells!
醇	Chun	2	mellow wine	mellow wine questions "Chun? Why?" curiously!
醋	Cu	4	vinegar	vinegar commands "Cu!" yells!
醉	Zui	4	drunk	drunk commands "Zui!" yells!
粹	Cui	4	unmixed	unmixed commands "Cui!" yells!
翠	Cui	4	emerald green	emerald green commands "Cui!" yells!
碎	Sui	4	shattered	shattered commands "Sui!" yells!
酸	Suan	1	sour	sour sings "Suan!" cheerfully!
梭	Suo	1	shuttle	shuttle sings "Suo!" cheerfully!
峻	Jun	4	lofty	lofty commands "Jun!" yells!
俊	Jun	4	pretty	pretty commands "Jun!" yells!
釁	Xin	4	quarrel	quarrel commands "Xin!" yells!
醬	Jiang	4	thick sauce	thick sauce commands "Jiang!" yells!
猶	You	2	just like	just like questions "You? Why?" curiously!
奠	Dian	4	found	found commands "Dian!" yells!
蹲	Dun	1	squat	squat sings "Dun!" cheerfully!
逗	Dou	4	tease	tease commands "Dou!" yells!
豈	Qi	3	(rhetorical question)	(rhetorical question) bends down drooping saying "Qi"!
凱	Kai	3	triumphant	triumphant bends down drooping saying "Kai"!
豎	Shu	4	perpendicular	perpendicular commands "Shu!" yells!
嘉	Jia	1	commend	commend sings "Jia!" cheerfully!
嘻	Xi	1	giggling	giggling sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
盟	Meng	2	alliance	alliance questions "Meng? Why?" curiously!
孟	Meng	4	Mencius	Mencius commands "Meng!" yells!
猛	Meng	3	fierce	fierce bends down drooping saying "Meng"!
盛	Sheng	4	flourishing	flourishing commands "Sheng!" yells!
盞	Zhan	3	small cup	small cup bends down drooping saying "Zhan"!
盒	He	2	small box	small box questions "He? Why?" curiously!
盜	Dao	4	master thief	master thief commands "Dao!" yells!
盪	Dang	4	swing	swing commands "Dang!" yells!
寧	Ning	2	calm	calm questions "Ning? Why?" curiously!
盈	Ying	2	replete	replete questions "Ying? Why?" curiously!
盆	Pen	2	basin	basin questions "Pen? Why?" curiously!
盃	Bei	1	trophy	trophy sings "Bei!" cheerfully!
蘊	Yun	4	amass	amass commands "Yun!" yells!
濫	Lan	4	indiscriminate	indiscriminate commands "Lan!" yells!
鑑	Jian	4	probe	probe commands "Jian!" yells!
尷	Gan	1	abashed	abashed sings "Gan!" cheerfully!
尬	Ga	4	embarrassed	embarrassed commands "Ga!" yells!
拋	Pao	1	toss	toss sings "Pao!" cheerfully!
耽	Dan	1	indulge in	indulge in sings "Dan!" cheerfully!
枕	Zhen	3	pillow	pillow bends down drooping saying "Zhen"!
覽	Lan	3	view	view bends down drooping saying "Lan"!
攬	Lan	3	take on	take on bends down drooping saying "Lan"!
纜	Lan	3	cable	cable bends down drooping saying "Lan"!
狠	Hen	3	ruthless	ruthless bends down drooping saying "Hen"!
恨	Hen	4	hate	hate commands "Hen!" yells!
爵	Jue	2	upper crust	upper crust questions "Jue? Why?" curiously!
嚼	Jiao	2	chew	chew questions "Jiao? Why?" curiously!
懇	Ken	3	wholeheartedly	wholeheartedly bends down drooping saying "Ken"!
墾	Ken	3	reclaim	reclaim bends down drooping saying "Ken"!
豹	Bao	4	leopard	leopard commands "Bao!" yells!
貓	Mao	1	cat	cat sings "Mao!" cheerfully!
貌	Mao	4	mien	mien commands "Mao!" yells!
朗	Lang	3	lucent	lucent bends down drooping saying "Lang"!
狼	Lang	2	wolf	wolf questions "Lang? Why?" curiously!
飢	Ji	1	starving	starving sings "Ji!" cheerfully!
饒	Rao	2	spare	spare questions "Rao? Why?" curiously!
飾	Shi	4	ornaments	ornaments commands "Shi!" yells!
飲	Yin	3	beverage	beverage bends down drooping saying "Yin"!
蝕	Shi	2	eat away	eat away questions "Shi? Why?" curiously!
飽	Bao	3	sated	sated bends down drooping saying "Bao"!
饅	Man	2	bread	bread questions "Man? Why?" curiously!
餅	Bing	3	cookie	cookie bends down drooping saying "Bing"!
餃	Jiao	3	dumpling	dumpling bends down drooping saying "Jiao"!
餓	È	5	hungry	hungry says "È" neutrally!
潛	Qian	2	submerge	submerge questions "Qian? Why?" curiously!
蠶	Can	2	silkworm	silkworm questions "Can? Why?" curiously!
溉	Gai	4	irrigate	irrigate commands "Gai!" yells!
慨	Kai	3	incensed	incensed bends down drooping saying "Kai"!
萍	Ping	2	duckweed	duckweed questions "Ping? Why?" curiously!
秤	Cheng	4	scale	scale commands "Cheng!" yells!
淆	Yao	2	confuse	confuse questions "Yao? Why?" curiously!
艾	Ài	5	Chinese mugwort	Chinese mugwort says "Ài" neutrally!
哎	Āi	5	Good grief!	Good grief! says "Āi" neutrally!
拔	Ba	2	pull out	pull out questions "Ba? Why?" curiously!
攀	Pan	1	climb	climb sings "Pan!" cheerfully!
屯	Tun	2	stockpile	stockpile questions "Tun? Why?" curiously!
頓	Dun	4	pause	pause commands "Dun!" yells!
噸	Dun (both work)	1	ton	ton sings "Dun (both work)!" cheerfully!
純	Chun	2	unadulterated	unadulterated questions "Chun? Why?" curiously!
屆	Jie	4	fall due	fall due commands "Jie!" yells!
齒	Chi	3	teeth	teeth bends down drooping saying "Chi"!
齣	Chu	1	shows	shows sings "Chu!" cheerfully!
齡	Ling	2	length of service	length of service questions "Ling? Why?" curiously!
洶	Xiong	1	turbulent	turbulent sings "Xiong!" cheerfully!
籬	Li	2	fence	fence questions "Li? Why?" curiously!
辜	Gu	1	crime	crime sings "Gu!" cheerfully!
宰	Zai	3	butcher	butcher bends down drooping saying "Zai"!
辨	Bian	4	differentiate	differentiate commands "Bian!" yells!
辮	Bian	4	braid	braid commands "Bian!" yells!
臂	Bi	4	arm	arm commands "Bi!" yells!
劈	Pi	1	split	split sings "Pi!" cheerfully!
譬	Pi	4	analogy	analogy commands "Pi!" yells!
僻	Pi	4	out-of-the-way	out-of-the-way commands "Pi!" yells!
譯	Yi	4	translate	translate commands "Yi!" yells!
擇	Ze	2	select	select questions "Ze? Why?" curiously!
澤	Ze	2	swamp	swamp questions "Ze? Why?" curiously!
墊	Dian	4	pad	pad commands "Dian!" yells!
摯	Zhi	4	earnest	earnest commands "Zhi!" yells!
糾	Jiu	1	entangle	entangle sings "Jiu!" cheerfully!
凌	Ling	2	bully	bully questions "Ling? Why?" curiously!
菱	Ling	2	water caltrop	water caltrop questions "Ling? Why?" curiously!
陵	Ling	2	mausoleum	mausoleum questions "Ling? Why?" curiously!
咳	Ke	2	cough	cough questions "Ke? Why?" curiously!
剎	Sha	1	brake	brake sings "Sha!" cheerfully!
嚷	Rang	3	cry out	cry out bends down drooping saying "Rang"!
釀	Niang	4	brew	brew commands "Niang!" yells!
塞	Sai	4	stronghold	stronghold commands "Sai!" yells!
寨	Zhai	4	stockade	stockade commands "Zhai!" yells!
憲	Xian	4	constitution	constitution commands "Xian!" yells!
晴	Qing	2	sunny	sunny questions "Qing? Why?" curiously!
猜	Cai	1	guess	guess sings "Cai!" cheerfully!
靖	Jing	4	pacify	pacify commands "Jing!" yells!
債	Zhai	4	debt	debt commands "Zhai!" yells!
蹟	Ji	1	remains	remains sings "Ji!" cheerfully!
牲	Sheng	1	domestic animal	domestic animal sings "Sheng!" cheerfully!
隆	Long	2	impressive	impressive questions "Long? Why?" curiously!
腥	Xing	1	fishy smell	fishy smell sings "Xing!" cheerfully!
猩	Xing	1	orangutan	orangutan sings "Xing!" cheerfully!
醒	Xing	3	awaken	awaken bends down drooping saying "Xing"!
瞎	Xia	1	visionless	visionless sings "Xia!" cheerfully!
轄	Xia	2	administer	administer questions "Xia? Why?" curiously!
契	Qi	4	contract	contract commands "Qi!" yells!
拜	Bai	4	adore	adore commands "Bai!" yells!
潔	Jie	2	spotless	spotless questions "Jie? Why?" curiously!
蜂	Feng	1	bee	bee sings "Feng!" cheerfully!
峰	Feng	1	peak	peak sings "Feng!" cheerfully!
鋒	Feng	1	cutting edge	cutting edge sings "Feng!" cheerfully!
逢	Feng	2	chance upon	chance upon questions "Feng? Why?" curiously!
蓬	Peng	2	disheveled	disheveled questions "Peng? Why?" curiously!
縫	Feng	2	sew	sew questions "Feng? Why?" curiously!
奏	Zou	4	play an instrument	play an instrument commands "Zou!" yells!
湊	Cou	4	gather together	gather together commands "Cou!" yells!
秦	Qin	2	Qin	Qin questions "Qin? Why?" curiously!
蠢	Chun	3	foolish	foolish bends down drooping saying "Chun"!
捧	Peng	3	carry in both hands	carry in both hands bends down drooping saying "Peng"!
嘆	Tan	4	sigh	sigh commands "Tan!" yells!
艱	Jian	1	arduous	arduous sings "Jian!" cheerfully!
灘	Tan	1	beach	beach sings "Tan!" cheerfully!
畢	Bi	4	complete	complete commands "Bi!" yells!
唾	Tuo	4	saliva	saliva commands "Tuo!" yells!
吟	Yin	2	recite	recite questions "Yin? Why?" curiously!
貪	Tan	1	greedy	greedy sings "Tan!" cheerfully!
琴	Qin	2	stringed instrument	stringed instrument questions "Qin? Why?" curiously!
栗	Li	4	chestnut	chestnut commands "Li!" yells!
潭	Tan	2	deep pool	deep pool questions "Tan? Why?" curiously!
遷	Qian	1	resituate	resituate sings "Qian!" cheerfully!
覆	Fu	4	overturn	overturn commands "Fu!" yells!
飄	Piao	1	flutter	flutter sings "Piao!" cheerfully!
闆	Ban	3	boss	boss bends down drooping saying "Ban"!
闊	Kuo	4	broad	broad commands "Kuo!" yells!
閉	Bi	4	close	close commands "Bi!" yells!
潤	Run	4	moisten	moisten commands "Run!" yells!
閣	Ge	2	cabinet	cabinet questions "Ge? Why?" curiously!
擱	Ge	1	put aside	put aside sings "Ge!" cheerfully!
闡	Chan	3	explicate	explicate bends down drooping saying "Chan"!
閱	Yue	4	peruse	peruse commands "Yue!" yells!
悶	Men	1	stuffy	stuffy sings "Men!" cheerfully!
閃	Shan	3	flash	flash bends down drooping saying "Shan"!
閥	Fa	2	valve	valve questions "Fa? Why?" curiously!
閘	Zha	2	floodgate	floodgate questions "Zha? Why?" curiously!
闢	Pi	4	repudiate	repudiate commands "Pi!" yells!
蒼	Cang	1	ash-colored	ash-colored sings "Cang!" cheerfully!
搶	Qiang	3	rob	rob bends down drooping saying "Qiang"!
菲	Fei	3	humble	humble bends down drooping saying "Fei"!
輩	Bei	4	lifetime	lifetime commands "Bei!" yells!
悲	Bei	1	sad	sad sings "Bei!" cheerfully!
徘	Pai	2	irresolute	irresolute questions "Pai? Why?" curiously!
殲	Jian	1	annihilate	annihilate sings "Jian!" cheerfully!
籤	Qian	1	bamboo slip	bamboo slip sings "Qian!" cheerfully!
纖	Xian	1	fiber	fiber sings "Xian!" cheerfully!
喉	Hou	2	gullet	gullet questions "Hou? Why?" curiously!
猴	Hou	2	monkey	monkey questions "Hou? Why?" curiously!
韓	Han	2	Korea	Korea questions "Han? Why?" curiously!
違	Wei	2	disobey	disobey questions "Wei? Why?" curiously!
緯	Wei	3	latitude	latitude bends down drooping saying "Wei"!
竿	Gan	1	pole	pole sings "Gan!" cheerfully!
罕	Han	3	rarely	rarely bends down drooping saying "Han"!
軒	Xuan	1	veranda	veranda sings "Xuan!" cheerfully!
肝	Gan	1	liver	liver sings "Gan!" cheerfully!
刊	Kan	1	publication	publication sings "Kan!" cheerfully!
汗	Han	4	sweat	sweat commands "Han!" yells!
桿	Gan	3	shaft	shaft bends down drooping saying "Gan"!
悍	Han	4	bold	bold commands "Han!" yells!
徐	Xu	2	slowly	slowly questions "Xu? Why?" curiously!
敘	Xu	4	recount	recount commands "Xu!" yells!
塗	Tu	2	smear	smear questions "Tu? Why?" curiously!
斜	Xie	2	slanting	slanting questions "Xie? Why?" curiously!
喇	La	3	flared horn	flared horn bends down drooping saying "La"!
嗽	Sou	4	hack	hack commands "Sou!" yells!
賴	Lai	4	rely on	rely on commands "Lai!" yells!
懶	Lan	3	lazy	lazy bends down drooping saying "Lan"!
嫩	Nen	4	tender	tender commands "Nen!" yells!
煉	Lian	4	refine	refine commands "Lian!" yells!
鍊	Lian	4	chain	chain commands "Lian!" yells!
腫	Zhong	3	swollen	swollen bends down drooping saying "Zhong"!
董	Dong	3	director	director bends down drooping saying "Dong"!
鍾	Zhong	1	draw together	draw together sings "Zhong!" cheerfully!
痰	Tan	2	phlegm	phlegm questions "Tan? Why?" curiously!
症	Zheng	4	disease	disease commands "Zheng!" yells!
疼	Teng	2	hurt	hurt questions "Teng? Why?" curiously!
癒	Yu	4	get well	get well commands "Yu!" yells!
疫	Yi	4	epidemic	epidemic commands "Yi!" yells!
癌	Ái	5	cancer	cancer says "Ái" neutrally!
疲	Pi	2	fatigued	fatigued questions "Pi? Why?" curiously!
疾	Ji	2	rapid	rapid questions "Ji? Why?" curiously!
痴	Chi	1	idiotic	idiotic sings "Chi!" cheerfully!
瘤	Liu	2	tumor	tumor questions "Liu? Why?" curiously!
痕	Hen	2	trace	trace questions "Hen? Why?" curiously!
癢	Yang	3	itch	itch bends down drooping saying "Yang"!
癱	Tan	1	paralysis	paralysis sings "Tan!" cheerfully!
瘡	Chuang	1	sore	sore sings "Chuang!" cheerfully!
穩	Wen	3	stable	stable bends down drooping saying "Wen"!
隱	Yin	3	hidden	hidden bends down drooping saying "Yin"!
癮	Yin	3	addiction	addiction bends down drooping saying "Yin"!
巨	Ju	4	gigantic	gigantic commands "Ju!" yells!
渠	Qu	2	canal	canal questions "Qu? Why?" curiously!
拒	Ju	4	refuse	refuse commands "Ju!" yells!
矩	Ju	3	square	square bends down drooping saying "Ju"!
距	Ju	4	distance	distance commands "Ju!" yells!
框	Kuang	4	rectangular frame	rectangular frame commands "Kuang!" yells!
筐	Kuang	1	rectangular basket	rectangular basket sings "Kuang!" cheerfully!
砸	Za	2	smash	smash questions "Za? Why?" curiously!
匯	Hui	4	converge	converge commands "Hui!" yells!
匠	Jiang	4	artisan	artisan commands "Jiang!" yells!
匪	Fei	3	bandit	bandit bends down drooping saying "Fei"!
匿	Ni	4	keep out of sight	keep out of sight commands "Ni!" yells!
兜	Dou	1	pocket	pocket sings "Dou!" cheerfully!
嘔	Ǒu	5	vomit	vomit says "Ǒu" neutrally!
毆	Ōu	5	hit	hit says "Ōu" neutrally!
軀	Qu	1	human body	human body sings "Qu!" cheerfully!
昂	Áng	5	hold one's head high	hold one's head high says "Áng" neutrally!
抑	Yi	4	curb	curb commands "Yi!" yells!
葵	Kui	2	large-flowered plants	large-flowered plants questions "Kui? Why?" curiously!
僚	Liao	2	coworker	coworker questions "Liao? Why?" curiously!
遼	Liao	2	far away	far away questions "Liao? Why?" curiously!
瞭	Liao3	5	comprehend	comprehend says "Liao3" neutrally!
療	Liao	2	cure	cure questions "Liao? Why?" curiously!
瞪	Deng	4	glare	glare commands "Deng!" yells!
凳	Deng	4	bench	bench commands "Deng!" yells!
澄	Cheng	2	transparent	transparent questions "Cheng? Why?" curiously!
潑	Po	1	splash	splash sings "Po!" cheerfully!
撥	Bo	1	allocate	allocate sings "Bo!" cheerfully!
杉	Chan	1	fir tree	fir tree sings "Chan!" cheerfully!
彬	Bin	1	well-mannered	well-mannered sings "Bin!" cheerfully!
衫	Shan	1	shirt	shirt sings "Shan!" cheerfully!
彰	Zhang	1	manifest	manifest sings "Zhang!" cheerfully!
膨	Peng	2	puffy	puffy questions "Peng? Why?" curiously!
趁	Chen	4	take advantage of	take advantage of commands "Chen!" yells!
診	Zhen	3	diagnose	diagnose bends down drooping saying "Zhen"!
滲	Shen	4	seep	seep commands "Shen!" yells!
膠	Jiao	1	gum	gum sings "Jiao!" cheerfully!
謬	Miu	4	wrong	wrong commands "Miu!" yells!
寥	Liao	2	deserted	deserted questions "Liao? Why?" curiously!
斑	Ban	1	speck	speck sings "Ban!" cheerfully!
紋	Wen	2	design	design questions "Wen? Why?" curiously!
鏟	Chan	3	small shovel	small shovel bends down drooping saying "Chan"!
薩	Sa	4	Samoa	Samoa commands "Sa!" yells!
脊	Ji	3	backbone	backbone bends down drooping saying "Ji"!
函	Han	2	letter	letter questions "Han? Why?" curiously!
涵	Han	2	culvert	culvert questions "Han? Why?" curiously!
映	Ying	4	reflect	reflect commands "Ying!" yells!
殃	Yang	1	calamity	calamity sings "Yang!" cheerfully!
肥	Fei	2	plump	plump questions "Fei? Why?" curiously!
爬	Pa	2	crawl	crawl questions "Pa? Why?" curiously!
疤	Ba	1	scar	scar sings "Ba!" cheerfully!
艷	Yan	4	gorgeous	gorgeous commands "Yan!" yells!
甜	Tian	2	sugary	sugary questions "Tian? Why?" curiously!
鉗	Qian	2	pliers	pliers questions "Qian? Why?" curiously!
媒	Mei	2	matchmaker	matchmaker questions "Mei? Why?" curiously!
煤	Mei	2	coal	coal questions "Mei? Why?" curiously!
謀	Mou	2	scheme	scheme questions "Mou? Why?" curiously!
棋	Qi	2	chess	chess questions "Qi? Why?" curiously!
欺	Qi	1	dupe	dupe sings "Qi!" cheerfully!
旗	Qi	2	flag	flag questions "Qi? Why?" curiously!
嘶	Si	1	hoarse	hoarse sings "Si!" cheerfully!
撕	Si	1	rip	rip sings "Si!" cheerfully!
堪	Kan	1	tolerate	tolerate sings "Kan!" cheerfully!
勘	Kan	1	survey	survey sings "Kan!" cheerfully!
遣	Qian	3	dispatch	dispatch bends down drooping saying "Qian"!
譴	Qian	3	censure	censure bends down drooping saying "Qian"!
囊	Nang	2	sack	sack questions "Nang? Why?" curiously!
潰	Kui	4	burst	burst commands "Kui!" yells!
櫃	Gui	4	cupboard	cupboard commands "Gui!" yells!
宜	Yi	5	fitting	fitting says "Yi" neutrally!
誼	Yi	4	friendship	friendship commands "Yi!" yells!
租	Zu	1	rent	rent sings "Zu!" cheerfully!
粗	Cu	1	coarse	coarse sings "Cu!" cheerfully!
阻	Zu	3	block	block bends down drooping saying "Zu"!
疊	Die	2	heap	heap questions "Die? Why?" curiously!
壘	Lei	3	baseball base	baseball base bends down drooping saying "Lei"!
鋤	Chu	2	hoe	hoe questions "Chu? Why?" curiously!
叢	Cong	2	thicket	thicket questions "Cong? Why?" curiously!
樸	Pu	3	plain	plain bends down drooping saying "Pu"!
撲	Pu	1	pounce on	pounce on sings "Pu!" cheerfully!
僕	Pu	2	servant	servant questions "Pu? Why?" curiously!
譜	Pu	3	musical score	musical score bends down drooping saying "Pu"!
哄	Hong	1	fool	fool sings "Hong!" cheerfully!
洪	Hong	2	deluge	deluge questions "Hong? Why?" curiously!
烘	Hong	1	warm by a fire	warm by a fire sings "Hong!" cheerfully!
恭	Gong	1	respectful	respectful sings "Gong!" cheerfully!
拱	Gong	3	arch	arch bends down drooping saying "Gong"!
暴	Bao	4	violent	violent commands "Bao!" yells!
瀑	Pu	4	waterfall	waterfall commands "Pu!" yells!
爆	Bao	4	explode	explode commands "Bao!" yells!
殿	Dian	4	ceremonial hall	ceremonial hall commands "Dian!" yells!
戴	Dai	4	have on	have on commands "Dai!" yells!
翼	Yi	4	wings	wings commands "Yi!" yells!
糞	Fen	4	dung	dung commands "Fen!" yells!
撰	Zhuan	4	compose	compose commands "Zhuan!" yells!
啞	Ya	3	mute	mute bends down drooping saying "Ya"!
壺	Hu	2	kettle	kettle questions "Hu? Why?" curiously!
蟹	Xie	4	crab	crab commands "Xie!" yells!
懈	Xie	4	lax	lax commands "Xie!" yells!
購	Gou	4	purchase	purchase commands "Gou!" yells!
溝	Gou	1	ditch	ditch sings "Gou!" cheerfully!
鑰	Yao/yue (literary)	4	key	key commands "Yao/yue (literary)!" yells!
籲	Yu	4	plead	plead commands "Yu!" yells!
冊	Ce	4	Vol.	Vol. commands "Ce!" yells!
刪	Shan	1	delete	delete sings "Shan!" cheerfully!
柵	Zha (correct despite tts)	4	palisade	palisade commands "Zha (correct despite tts)!" yells!
珊	Shan	1	coral	coral sings "Shan!" cheerfully!
遍	Bian	4	everywhere	everywhere commands "Bian!" yells!
偏	Pian	1	partial	partial sings "Pian!" cheerfully!
淪	Lun	2	sink	sink questions "Lun? Why?" curiously!
倫	Lun	2	human relationships	human relationships questions "Lun? Why?" curiously!
抵	Di	3	resist	resist bends down drooping saying "Di"!
氓	Mang	2	hoodlum	hoodlum questions "Mang? Why?" curiously!
哺	Bu	3	breastfeed	breastfeed bends down drooping saying "Bu"!
鋪	Pu	4	shop	shop commands "Pu!" yells!
輔	Fu	3	supplement	supplement bends down drooping saying "Fu"!
捕	Bu	3	capture	capture bends down drooping saying "Bu"!
敷	Fu	1	apply	apply sings "Fu!" cheerfully!
浦	Pu	3	river mouth	river mouth bends down drooping saying "Pu"!
蒲	Pu	2	cattail	cattail questions "Pu? Why?" curiously!
薄	Bo	2	slight	slight questions "Bo? Why?" curiously!
簿	Bu	4	register	register commands "Bu!" yells!
傅	Fu	4	mentor	mentor commands "Fu!" yells!
縛	Fu	4	bind fast	bind fast commands "Fu!" yells!
郭	Guo	1	outer walls	outer walls sings "Guo!" cheerfully!
廓	Kuo	4	limitless	limitless commands "Kuo!" yells!
鄙	Bi	3	despicable	despicable bends down drooping saying "Bi"!
耶	Ye	1	Jerusalem	Jerusalem sings "Ye!" cheerfully!
爺	Ye	2	grandfather	grandfather questions "Ye? Why?" curiously!
郊	Jiao	1	outskirts	outskirts sings "Jiao!" cheerfully!
邦	Bang	1	nation	nation sings "Bang!" cheerfully!
綁	Bang	3	truss	truss bends down drooping saying "Bang"!
郵	You	2	post	post questions "You? Why?" curiously!
鄧	Deng	4	Deng	Deng commands "Deng!" yells!
擲	Zhi	4	hurl	hurl commands "Zhi!" yells!
廊	Lang	2	hallway	hallway questions "Lang? Why?" curiously!
擁	Yong	1	hug	hug sings "Yong!" cheerfully!
緞	Duan	4	satin	satin commands "Duan!" yells!
刁	Diao	1	wily	wily sings "Diao!" cheerfully!
叼	Diao	1	hold in the mouth	hold in the mouth sings "Diao!" cheerfully!
殷	Yin1	5	ardent	ardent says "Yin1" neutrally!
壽	Shou	4	longevity	longevity commands "Shou!" yells!
濤	Tao (tone one meaning wave)	1	large waves	large waves sings "Tao (tone one meaning wave)!" cheerfully!
鑄	Zhu	4	cast	cast commands "Zhu!" yells!
禱	Dao	3	pray	pray bends down drooping saying "Dao"!
籌	Chou	2	make arrangements	make arrangements questions "Chou? Why?" curiously!
伺	Ci	4	attend to	attend to commands "Ci!" yells!
飼	Si	4	rear	rear commands "Si!" yells!
舶	Bo	2	liner	liner questions "Bo? Why?" curiously!
航	Hang	2	navigate	navigate questions "Hang? Why?" curiously!
艇	Ting	3	light boat	light boat bends down drooping saying "Ting"!
艦	Jian	4	warship	warship commands "Jian!" yells!
艙	Cang	1	ship's cabin	ship's cabin sings "Cang!" cheerfully!
沿	Yan	2	along	along questions "Yan? Why?" curiously!
鉛	Qian	1	lead	lead sings "Qian!" cheerfully!
狐	Hu	2	fox	fox questions "Hu? Why?" curiously!
瓣	Ban	4	petal	petal commands "Ban!" yells!
溢	Yi	4	brim over	brim over commands "Yi!" yells!
暇	Xia	2	spare time	spare time questions "Xia? Why?" curiously!
霞	Xia	2	red sky	red sky questions "Xia? Why?" curiously!
氧	Yang	3	oxygen	oxygen bends down drooping saying "Yang"!
氛	Fen	1	atmosphere	atmosphere sings "Fen!" cheerfully!
氯	Lu	4	chlorine	chlorine commands "Lu!" yells!
氫	Qing	1	hydrogen	hydrogen sings "Qing!" cheerfully!
鞏	Gong	3	strengthen	strengthen bends down drooping saying "Gong"!
霸	Ba	4	tyrant	tyrant commands "Ba!" yells!
壩	Ba	4	dam	dam commands "Ba!" yells!
勒	Le	4	tighten	tighten commands "Le!" yells!
鞠	Ju	1	bow respectfully	bow respectfully sings "Ju!" cheerfully!
靴	Xue	1	boots	boots sings "Xue!" cheerfully!
鞭	Bian	1	whip	whip sings "Bian!" cheerfully!
芽	Ya	2	sprout	sprout questions "Ya? Why?" curiously!
訝	Ya	4	suprised	suprised commands "Ya!" yells!
撐	Cheng	1	prop up	prop up sings "Cheng!" cheerfully!
雅	Ya	3	polished	polished bends down drooping saying "Ya"!
邪	Xie	2	wicked	wicked questions "Xie? Why?" curiously!
奧	Ào	5	of great depth	of great depth says "Ào" neutrally!
澳	Ào	5	deep inlet	deep inlet says "Ào" neutrally!
懊	Ào	5	remorseful	remorseful says "Ào" neutrally!
悉	Xi	1	be informed	be informed sings "Xi!" cheerfully!
竊	Qie	4	pilfer	pilfer commands "Qie!" yells!
審	Shen	3	painstaking	painstaking bends down drooping saying "Shen"!
嬸	Shen	3	auntie	auntie bends down drooping saying "Shen"!
毯	Tan	3	blanket	blanket bends down drooping saying "Tan"!
毫	Hao	2	milli-	milli- questions "Hao? Why?" curiously!
耗	Hao	4	consume	consume commands "Hao!" yells!
耕	Geng	1	till	till sings "Geng!" cheerfully!
籍	Ji	2	records	records questions "Ji? Why?" curiously!
藉	Jie	4	excuse	excuse commands "Jie!" yells!
托	Tuo	1	hold up	hold up sings "Tuo!" cheerfully!
畏	Wei	4	be afraid of	be afraid of commands "Wei!" yells!
喂	Wei	4	Hello...	Hello... commands "Wei!" yells!
脹	Zhang	4	bloated	bloated commands "Zhang!" yells!
帳	Zhang	4	tent	tent commands "Zhang!" yells!
肆	Si	4	IV	IV commands "Si!" yells!
鬍	Hu	2	beard	beard questions "Hu? Why?" curiously!
鬆	Song	1	loose	loose sings "Song!" cheerfully!
鵬	Peng	2	roc	roc questions "Peng? Why?" curiously!
鳴	Ming	2	twitter	twitter questions "Ming? Why?" curiously!
鴻	Hong	2	swan	swan questions "Hong? Why?" curiously!
鴿	Ge	1	pigeon	pigeon sings "Ge!" cheerfully!
鶴	He	4	crane	crane commands "He!" yells!
鶯	Ying	1	oriole	oriole sings "Ying!" cheerfully!
鵲	Que	4	magpie	magpie commands "Que!" yells!
鷗	Ōu	5	gull	gull says "Ōu" neutrally!
鴉	Ya	1	raven	raven sings "Ya!" cheerfully!
鵝	É	5	goose	goose says "É" neutrally!
烏	Wu	1	crow	crow sings "Wu!" cheerfully!
嗚	Wu	1	zoom-zoom	zoom-zoom sings "Wu!" cheerfully!
搗	Dao	3	pound with a pestle	pound with a pestle bends down drooping saying "Dao"!
寓	Yu	4	residence	residence commands "Yu!" yells!
愚	Yu	2	pea-brained	pea-brained questions "Yu? Why?" curiously!
偶	Ǒu	5	by chance	by chance says "Ǒu" neutrally!
厲	Li	4	stern	stern commands "Li!" yells!
勵	Li	4	encourage	encourage commands "Li!" yells!
鋼	Gang	1	steel	steel sings "Gang!" cheerfully!
崗	Gang	1	hillock	hillock sings "Gang!" cheerfully!
綱	Gang	1	guidelines	guidelines sings "Gang!" cheerfully!
逆	Ni	4	go against	go against commands "Ni!" yells!
溯	Su	4	go upstream	go upstream commands "Su!" yells!
塑	Su	4	plastic	plastic commands "Su!" yells!
缸	Gang	1	vat	vat sings "Gang!" cheerfully!
罐	Guan	4	jar	jar commands "Guan!" yells!
鬱	Yu	4	depressed	depressed commands "Yu!" yells!
鹽	Yan	2	salt	salt questions "Yan? Why?" curiously!
鹹	Xian	2	salty	salty questions "Xian? Why?" curiously!
掏	Tao	1	draw out	draw out sings "Tao!" cheerfully!
淘	Tao	2	wash in a container	wash in a container questions "Tao? Why?" curiously!
陶	Tao	2	pottery	pottery questions "Tao? Why?" curiously!
謠	Yao	2	rumor	rumor questions "Yao? Why?" curiously!
冤	Yuan	1	injustice	injustice sings "Yuan!" cheerfully!
饞	Chan	2	gluttonous	gluttonous questions "Chan? Why?" curiously!
挽	Wan	3	tow	tow bends down drooping saying "Wan"!
勉	Mian	3	strive	strive bends down drooping saying "Mian"!
橡	Xiang	4	rubber tree	rubber tree commands "Xiang!" yells!
豫	Yu	4	pleased	pleased commands "Yu!" yells!
騰	Teng	2	take flight	take flight questions "Teng? Why?" curiously!
碼	Ma	3	numeral	numeral bends down drooping saying "Ma"!
馴	Xun	2	tame	tame questions "Xun? Why?" curiously!
瑪	Ma	3	Mary	Mary bends down drooping saying "Ma"!
駐	Zhu	4	be stationed	be stationed commands "Zhu!" yells!
驕	Jiao	1	arrogant	arrogant sings "Jiao!" cheerfully!
馳	Chi	2	gallop	gallop questions "Chi? Why?" curiously!
螞	Ma	3	leech-hopper	leech-hopper bends down drooping saying "Ma"!
憑	Ping	2	proof	proof questions "Ping? Why?" curiously!
駛	Shi	3	maneuver	maneuver bends down drooping saying "Shi"!
騷	Sao	1	disturb	disturb sings "Sao!" cheerfully!
駕	Jia	4	drive	drive commands "Jia!" yells!
騾	Luo	2	mule	mule questions "Luo? Why?" curiously!
駁	Bo	2	refute	refute questions "Bo? Why?" curiously!
闖	Chuang	3	rush	rush bends down drooping saying "Chuang"!
驅	Qu	1	drive away	drive away sings "Qu!" cheerfully!
騙	Pian	4	cheat	cheat commands "Pian!" yells!
驟	Zhou	4	trot	trot commands "Zhou!" yells!
遞	Di	4	hand over	hand over commands "Di!" yells!
虜	Lu	3	take captive	take captive bends down drooping saying "Lu"!
虐	Nüe	4	despotic	despotic commands "Nüe!" yells!
膚	Fu	1	skin	skin sings "Fu!" cheerfully!
盧	Lu	2	Louvre	Louvre questions "Lu? Why?" curiously!
爐	Lu	2	stove	stove questions "Lu? Why?" curiously!
蘆	Lu	2	reeds	reeds questions "Lu? Why?" curiously!
驢	Lu	2	donkey	donkey questions "Lu? Why?" curiously!
虧	Kui	1	loss	loss sings "Kui!" cheerfully!
污	Wu	1	filthy	filthy sings "Wu!" cheerfully!
愕	È	5	stunned	stunned says "È" neutrally!
誇	Kua	1	brag	brag sings "Kua!" cheerfully!
垮	Kua	3	collapse	collapse bends down drooping saying "Kua"!
跨	Kua	4	straddle	straddle commands "Kua!" yells!
獻	Xian	4	donate	donate commands "Xian!" yells!
融	Rong	2	melt	melt questions "Rong? Why?" curiously!
隔	Ge	2	separate	separate questions "Ge? Why?" curiously!
濾	Lu	4	filter	filter commands "Lu!" yells!
慶	Qing	4	celebrate	celebrate commands "Qing!" yells!
薦	Jian	4	recommend	recommend commands "Jian!" yells!
傑	Jie	2	outstanding	outstanding questions "Jie? Why?" curiously!
瞬	Shun	4	instant	instant commands "Shun!" yells!
麟	Lin	2	Chinese unicorn	Chinese unicorn questions "Lin? Why?" curiously!
憐	Lian	2	pity	pity questions "Lian? Why?" curiously!
鄰	Lin	2	neighbor	neighbor questions "Lin? Why?" curiously!
曬	Shai	4	bask	bask commands "Shai!" yells!
灑	Sa	3	spill	spill bends down drooping saying "Sa"!
罷	Ba	4	cease	cease commands "Ba!" yells!
擺	Bai	3	put in order	put in order bends down drooping saying "Bai"!
唇	Chun	2	lips	lips questions "Chun? Why?" curiously!
辱	Ru	3	disgrace	disgrace bends down drooping saying "Ru"!
震	Zhen	4	quake	quake commands "Zhen!" yells!
振	Zhen	4	vibrate	vibrate commands "Zhen!" yells!
魄	Po	4	vigor	vigor commands "Po!" yells!
槐	Huai	2	scholar tree	scholar tree questions "Huai? Why?" curiously!
魅	Mei	4	enchant	enchant commands "Mei!" yells!
瑰	Gui	1	marvelous	marvelous sings "Gui!" cheerfully!
魂	Hun	2	soul	soul questions "Hun? Why?" curiously!
愧	Kui	4	ashamed	ashamed commands "Kui!" yells!
魁	Kui	2	leader	leader questions "Kui? Why?" curiously!
醜	Chou	3	ugly	ugly bends down drooping saying "Chou"!
壟	Long	3	raised path between fields	raised path between fields bends down drooping saying "Long"!
寵	Chong	3	dote on	dote on bends down drooping saying "Chong"!
龐	Pang	2	huge	huge questions "Pang? Why?" curiously!
攏	Long	3	draw near	draw near bends down drooping saying "Long"!
聾	Long	2	deaf	deaf questions "Long? Why?" curiously!
籠	Long	2	cage	cage questions "Long? Why?" curiously!
插	Cha	1	insert	insert sings "Cha!" cheerfully!
毀	Hui	3	ruin	ruin bends down drooping saying "Hui"!
舅	Jiu	4	mother's brother	mother's brother commands "Jiu!" yells!
樁	Zhuang	1	stake	stake sings "Zhuang!" cheerfully!
鑿	Zao	2	bore a hole	bore a hole questions "Zao? Why?" curiously!
鼠	Shu	3	mouse	mouse bends down drooping saying "Shu"!
竄	Cuan	4	scurry	scurry commands "Cuan!" yells!
臘	La	4	dried meat	dried meat commands "La!" yells!
蠟	La	4	wax	wax commands "La!" yells!
獵	Lie	4	hunt	hunt commands "Lie!" yells!
艘	Sou	1	vessels	vessels sings "Sou!" cheerfully!
嫂	Sao	3	elder brother's wife	elder brother's wife bends down drooping saying "Sao"!
瘦	Shou	4	emaciated	emaciated commands "Shou!" yells!
搜	Sou	1	search	search sings "Sou!" cheerfully!
稻	Dao	4	unhulled rice	unhulled rice commands "Dao!" yells!
蹈	Dao	3	tread	tread bends down drooping saying "Dao"!
滔	Tao	1	surging	surging sings "Tao!" cheerfully!
陷	Xian	4	get stuck	get stuck commands "Xian!" yells!
焰	Yan	4	flame	flame commands "Yan!" yells!
餡	Xian	4	flilling	flilling commands "Xian!" yells!
輛	Liang	4	vehicles	vehicles commands "Liang!" yells!
瞞	Man	2	dissemble	dissemble questions "Man? Why?" curiously!
爽	Shuang	3	frank	frank bends down drooping saying "Shuang"!
綴	Zhui	4	embellish	embellish commands "Zhui!" yells!
碰	Peng	4	bump	bump commands "Peng!" yells!
挪	Nuo	2	transfer	transfer questions "Nuo? Why?" curiously!
誣	Wu	1	charge falsely	charge falsely sings "Wu!" cheerfully!
譽	Yu	4	reputation	reputation commands "Yu!" yells!
嶼	Yu	3	islet	islet bends down drooping saying "Yu"!
傻	Sha	3	thick-headed	thick-headed bends down drooping saying "Sha"!
磚	Zhuan	1	brick	brick sings "Zhuan!" cheerfully!
惠	Hui	4	favor	favor commands "Hui!" yells!
穗	Sui	4	ear of grain	ear of grain commands "Sui!" yells!
曠	Kuang	4	expansive	expansive commands "Kuang!" yells!
礦	Kuang	4	mine	mine commands "Kuang!" yells!
擴	Kuo	4	enlarge	enlarge commands "Kuo!" yells!
聰	Cong	1	smart	smart sings "Cong!" cheerfully!
蔥	Cong	1	onion	onion sings "Cong!" cheerfully!
膽	Dan	3	gall bladder	gall bladder bends down drooping saying "Dan"!
瞻	Zhan	1	look upward	look upward sings "Zhan!" cheerfully!
摟	Lou	3	cuddle	cuddle bends down drooping saying "Lou"!
屢	Lu	3	time and again	time and again bends down drooping saying "Lu"!
濁	Zhuo	2	turbid	turbid questions "Zhuo? Why?" curiously!
燭	Zhu	2	candle	candle questions "Zhu? Why?" curiously!
觸	Chu	4	touch	touch commands "Chu!" yells!
囑	Zhu	3	admonish	admonish bends down drooping saying "Zhu"!
欄	Lan	2	railing	railing questions "Lan? Why?" curiously!
攔	Lan	2	impede	impede questions "Lan? Why?" curiously!
蹤	Zong	1	tracks	tracks sings "Zong!" cheerfully!
聳	Song	3	shrug	shrug bends down drooping saying "Song"!
劑	Ji	4	pharmaceutical	pharmaceutical commands "Ji!" yells!
齋	Zhai	1	abstain from food	abstain from food sings "Zhai!" cheerfully!
擠	Ji	3	squeeze	squeeze bends down drooping saying "Ji"!
鈕	Niu	3	push button	push button bends down drooping saying "Niu"!
羞	Xiu	1	shy	shy sings "Xiu!" cheerfully!
紐	Niu	3	New York	New York bends down drooping saying "Niu"!
脾	Pi	2	spleen	spleen questions "Pi? Why?" curiously!
啤	Pi	2	beer	beer questions "Pi? Why?" curiously!
碑	Bei	1	stele	stele sings "Bei!" cheerfully!
赫	He	4	illustrious	illustrious commands "He!" yells!
嚇	Xia	4	terrify	terrify commands "Xia!" yells!
奕	Yi	4	radiating vitality	radiating vitality commands "Yi!" yells!
跡	Ji	4	indication	indication commands "Ji!" yells!
辭	Ci	2	phraseology	phraseology questions "Ci? Why?" curiously!
龜	Gui	1	tortoise	tortoise sings "Gui!" cheerfully!
繩	Sheng	2	rope	rope questions "Sheng? Why?" curiously!
蠅	Ying	2	flies	flies questions "Ying? Why?" curiously!
蝴	Hu	2	butterfly (front end)	butterfly (front end) questions "Hu? Why?" curiously!
蝶	Die	2	butterfly (back end)	butterfly (back end) questions "Die? Why?" curiously!
蜘	Zhi	1	spider (front end)	spider (front end) sings "Zhi!" cheerfully!
蛛	Zhu	1	spider (back end)	spider (back end) sings "Zhu!" cheerfully!
駱	Luo	4	camel (front end)	camel (front end) commands "Luo!" yells!
駝	Tuo	2	camel (back end)	camel (back end) questions "Tuo? Why?" curiously!
蜻	Qing	1	dragonfly (front end)	dragonfly (front end) sings "Qing!" cheerfully!
蜓	Ting	2	dragonfly (back end)	dragonfly (back end) questions "Ting? Why?" curiously!
鳳	Feng	4	male phoenix	male phoenix commands "Feng!" yells!
凰	Huang	2	female phoenix	female phoenix questions "Huang? Why?" curiously!
橄	Gan	3	olive (A)	olive (A) bends down drooping saying "Gan"!
欖	Lan	3	olive (B)	olive (B) bends down drooping saying "Lan"!
玻	Bo	1	glass (front side)	glass (front side) sings "Bo!" cheerfully!
璃	Li	2	glass (back side)	glass (back side) questions "Li? Why?" curiously!
咖	Ka	1	coffee (first drop)	coffee (first drop) sings "Ka!" cheerfully!
啡	Fei	1	coffee (last drop)	coffee (last drop) sings "Fei!" cheerfully!
葡	Pu	2	grapes (A)	grapes (A) questions "Pu? Why?" curiously!
萄	Tao	2	grapes (B)	grapes (B) questions "Tao? Why?" curiously!
吩	Fen	1	in-(struct)	in-(struct) sings "Fen!" cheerfully!
咐	Fu	4	(in)-struct	(in)-struct commands "Fu!" yells!
乒	Ping	1	ping	ping sings "Ping!" cheerfully!
乓	Pang	1	pong	pong sings "Pang!" cheerfully!
崔	Cui	1	Cui	Cui sings "Cui!" cheerfully!
曹	Cao	2	Cao	Cao questions "Cao? Why?" curiously!
劉	Liu	2	Liu	Liu questions "Liu? Why?" curiously!
潘	Pan	1	Pan	Pan sings "Pan!" cheerfully!
梁	Lian	2	Liang2	Liang2 questions "Lian? Why?" curiously!
沈	Shen	3	Shen	Shen bends down drooping saying "Shen"!
鄭	Zheng	4	Zheng	Zheng commands "Zheng!" yells!
譚	Tan	2	Tam	Tam questions "Tan? Why?" curiously!
姚	Yao	2	Yao-2	Yao-2 questions "Yao? Why?" curiously!
魯	Lu	3	Lu3	Lu3 bends down drooping saying "Lu"!
姜	Jiang	1	Jiang-2	Jiang-2 sings "Jiang!" cheerfully!
范	Fan	4	Fan	Fan commands "Fan!" yells!
薛	Xue	1	Xue	Xue sings "Xue!" cheerfully!
涂	Tu	2	Tu	Tu questions "Tu? Why?" curiously!
彭	Peng	2	Peng	Peng questions "Peng? Why?" curiously!
郁	Yu	4	Yu-2	Yu-2 commands "Yu!" yells!
馮	Feng	2	Feng	Feng questions "Feng? Why?" curiously!
魏	Wei	4	Wei	Wei commands "Wei!" yells!
岳	Yue	4	Yue	Yue commands "Yue!" yells!
彿	Fu	2	as though	as though questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
莉	Li	4	jasmine	jasmine commands "Li!" yells!
湘	Xiang	1	Hunan Province	Hunan Province sings "Xiang!" cheerfully!
甸	Dian	4	outlying areas	outlying areas commands "Dian!" yells!
滄	Cang	1	dark blue	dark blue sings "Cang!" cheerfully!
穆	Mu	4	reverent	reverent commands "Mu!" yells!
娜	Na	4	na	na commands "Na!" yells!
瓊	Qiong	2	fine jade	fine jade questions "Qiong? Why?" curiously!
琳	Lin	2	gem	gem questions "Lin? Why?" curiously!
鈞	Jun	1	30 catties	30 catties sings "Jun!" cheerfully!
喲	Yo	1	Oh!	Oh! sings "Yo!" cheerfully!
砲	Pao	4	cannon	cannon commands "Pao!" yells!
蒐	Sou	1	search for	search for sings "Sou!" cheerfully!
芙	Fu	2	hibiscus (A)	hibiscus (A) questions "Fu? Why?" curiously!
蓉	Rong	2	cottonrose hibiscus (B)	cottonrose hibiscus (B) questions "Rong? Why?" curiously!
踐	Jian	4	tread on	tread on commands "Jian!" yells!
趙	Zhao	4	Zhao	Zhao commands "Zhao!" yells!